Watching sports has always been an interesting part of human's life from the early centuries. Some of us think that it is a waste of time, what is important to say is that there is no difference for them either it is watched on TV or at live events. On the other hand, others have another opinion. I firmly believe that it is not a waste of time and am going to give arguments for my opinion in this essay.
One of the main reasons why people love sports is emotional part of it. What I mean by that is the feeling of happiness when your football team wins, for instance. Moreover, most of fans love sports, because it gives them a feeling of relaxation - it is more about entartainment (like going to the cinema). Of course, there are people who would say that it is very stressful, because you worry during the whole match. I am certain that the beneficial part of the game, in emotional aspect, outweigh all the disadventages.
The second reason is social part of sport events. A sport game which was played last Tuesday is a great topic for discussion with your friends! For example, people can talk about best moments of the football match or simply share their emotions and thoughts with others. Common topic is a good variant to get in touch with someone you have always been afraid to talk to.
The last, but not the least reason is getting new friends from different parts of the planet. It is known that there is a range of various sports which are played almost everywhere. For example, you can easily go to another country to watch basketball game there. People don't have to speak different language well to understand each other during the game, because no words are needed - there are only emotions. On this basis you can make friends with someone new!
All in all, there is no doubt that sports take a part in people's life. If you are not interested in them, probably your friends or relatives are. This means that somehow this topic relates to you too. It is a great way to get new positive vibes during the match. It is also an interesting topic to discuss with friends. And, lastly, you can meet new people, because watching sports units everyone from all over the world!