It is popularly believed, that sport programms on TV or another sport translation are useless for everybody. It can be destructive not only for your time management, but for your health too. I totally agree with this statement, if you really like sport it will be more usefull for you to train instead watching TV.
We live in an age when many of us are sportsmens, because it is popular by all people all around the world. And sport is a big part of our live. Every year we can visit special sport ivents, or watch them on tv or in internet. Nevertheless, there is type of people who is sitting before the desktop or tv and watching sport programms all the day. These is radical sport fans, and in this case they cant enrich their brains, they just watching only sport. By all mean it is harmfull for them. It is better to watch special programms about science and culture to became an interesting person. Sport programms waste your time, they can not give you a new usefull information about finance, economy, develop your worldview.
Moreover watching sportevents replaces for some people physical activity, they dont want to move, to try something new, to hang out with their friends in the park. As well people who do not train suffer more from cancer and health problems in comparison to people who are engaged in sport on a regular basis. Due to it fitness center or playing volleyball outside with your friends can benefit you much more profit as watching professional sport on TV or in internet.
Onthe other hand there is meaning that, some people watching TV only to relax after work and in this case it can not be so harmull for your brain, it can be usefull, because your brain can rest and focus on important things.
To sum up, watching sport programs are not usefull for your brain, it can not gives you something usefull, what can develop your skills or make your body strengh and fit. It can kill your time which you can spend on important things. Speaking honestly, i now a lot of healthy people who refused to watch sport and benefit a lot of good things like more free time for family and trainings. Last but not least watching another science programms can enreach your horizonts.