In our modern world there is a liberty of opinions. People can argue with each other about every little thing. Obviously, now it includes topics about sports. Some people play it, some don't. Some people watch it, some don't. Everybody can like whatever they want to. However, some of these people argue about watching sport. Is it a waste of time? Or is it not? In this essay I will establish my opinion about this topic.
Some people talk about wasting time on such a useless act as just watching sport. I understand why they think like that. First of all, it is really a waste of time. The time while you watch, for example, some program on TV can be spent on some other activities. Especially when you really have some important tasks or deadlines. It's also not so healthy spending your day in front of the screen of your TV, computer or mobile phone. Live sport events in the eyes of these people are also useless. The bunches of loud sweaty fans are crowding around you. And God save you if you're not the fan of their team! Of course, we can think about a lot of reasons why watching sports is such a waste. But I want to talk about why it is not.
Firstly, it's motivation. When you see how someone is so dedicated, so obsessed with something, you want to feel the same fire in your heart. Even if you're not playing any sports, or even if you can't because of your health - watching sport is helping you to find your passion. My second reason for loving to watch sport is emotions. This can be similar to the first claim about motivation but it's a little different. When you love sport and you watch sport you feel a pure joy and satisfaction from the bottom of your heart. These bright emotions are with you the whole day after sport events. You can avoid sadness and mental paim by filling your day with strong emotions and sport will help you either way. Finally, we can talk about team feelings. When you are a fan, you automatically join the community of people who share your interests. When you are in a group like that, you can feel you are the part of the team. This applies especially to the live sport events where such bonding is almost everywhere.
So in the end, I can conclude that watching sport isn't exactly a waste of time. Of course, as I mentioned earlier, each person has their own opinion, so I won't try to argue with those who disagree with me. But I believe that strong motivation, bright emotions and the feeling of team are good enough reason for watching sport without regrets.