Nowadays, watching sports at home on television or being present at a sports even at a stadium or something alike is, indeed, considered as a bad example of spending time. However, i tend to disagree with such an opinion. I shall explain my reasons as to why.
Firstly, i would say that there is nothing wrong with spending your leisure time in front of a TV or at a live sports match as long as the action does not take place instead of work or studying time. Surely, one has the right to do whatever one wants in their free time. Watching a TV might help you relax after work, school or university. In fact, it might be your favourite way of relaxing! Some people like watching movies or musical clips or going to the cinema and concerts. Others like watching sports. It is just as common as any other way of easing up your brains and feeling a little bit more peaceful. Also, going to a live sports event might be considered as an enjoyable sort of a family trip, where the whole family could be united in doing the same thing, forgetting about their business for a little while. Secondly, watching sports could easily be titled as a simple yet effective kind of motivation for children to be healthy. Certainly, it is of no doubt that a stunning amount of children in many different countries wish to become athletes or football players, whom the kids have been looking up to for many years now. To reach that goal, kids would have to keep fit. For example, keeping fit, among many other things, means saying 'no' to HFSS food, which exists in most of the incredibly popular fast-food restaurants. Furthermore, it means that children will have to do a lot of activities, such as jogging or going to gym. Obviously, all of that is one of the best ways to live longer. TV and various sports events such as football matches are the easy ways to get a child interested in such activities.
In conclusion, i would say that i strongly disagree with the given statement because i think sports, whether you are watching it on TV or at an event, could actually be named as one of the most useful ways of spending your time as it might potentially positively affect your or your child's mood or health status.