Professional sport is a large and popular field. Millions of fans worldwide come together year after year to watch a grand finale of their favorite sports, cheer for their team, unite in their pride. It has become a tradition for many families, who spend evenings glued to their TV-sreens waiting for the long-desired goal or knock-down and spend unfathomable amount of money to get the last two tickets for the sport event they dream of. However, I think that such obsession over professoinal sport not worthy of one's time. To begin with, I belive that it is better to actually do sports than to watch somebody doing it on your screen. When you play football with your friends in your countryard, you develop phisical strength, endurance, teamwork capacity. When you play tennis with your siblings, your time with them is filled with joyours rivalry. When you run a marathon, you get an unbeatable sense of achivement. However, none of that is available if you simply sit on your sofa and watch somebody plaing football or swimming fast on your TV. You develope nothing and have no feasible benefits.
It is also important to say that professional sport is an entertaiment business which has gone too far in terms of monetization. Tickets to a certaint important match can cost thousands of roubles. Transferring a player from one team to another can cost up to several millions in euros. These sport stars can earn extreme sums of monet by simply running on your screen for 90 minutes straight, even if they are actually not that good at their game. All this money could have been used to a greater good. One sport star can equal several sport stadiums in an underdeveloped region in terms of money, yet the rich prefer to play sport slavery rather than contribute the society.
Of course, watching sports is not a waste of time if you do it as a family tradition or as an opportunity to spend some time with your friends. There is nothing wrong in sitting together with your close ones and cheering for your national team during a world championship. It is a pont of unity that can be a nice reason to get together and relax while having a very interesting topic to chat about. Even people who are not usually big fans of sport join the common excitement when their national team reaches quarterfinals. However, such an entertainment should not replace all the other joyful things in life. In my opinion, obsession over professional sports is a waste of both time and money. I believe, that there are much more meaningful ways of spending one's time. If one likes to watch football on TV, why not go and play it with some boys - it would be much more pleasant and beneficial to one's health. As such, I completely agree with the statement, backed by the reasons presented above.