Nowadays sports are one of a big parts of our lifes and with development of technology many people got the opportunity to watch sports both through electronic gadgets and watching it alive. There are a lot of point of view whether watching sports can be good for the person or it is just useless spend of his time. In my opinion, it is great that people have a chance to watch sports because that way they give their attention to something that is can be useful in many aspects and they learn new skills which are good for their life. Sports can give to people lots of great opportunities and wathing sports can be a nice hobby. Firstly, most of the modern people are living in really stressful situations and have to deal with many problems. Watching sports entertaines person and that way sport can make someone's life easier and help him to relax and forget about his complicated deals. Secondly, young people that have lots of free time can do some negative things (such as drinking alcoghol and using drugs), but if they are interested in watching game of their favourite soccer team, that means that they are preoccupied by something good and there are no time to do something bad to society. Moreover, not only young people but all of us can learn from sportsmen that it is great to be competative, to be strong both physically and morally, and how hard person should work and practice to receive some good results. These skills are very helpful for understanding how it all works in a real life. Someone truly believes that wathcing sports canbe only just a waste of the time. The first reason for that, in their opinion, is that when peson watches TV sport game or visiting sports arena to watch it, he does not really do sport and he is just sitting and do nothing because he does not learn something new. Instead of it, people offer to do sport, to do some trainings, and that way there could be a real result, for example, in changings of person's body.
All in all, sport is not about only physical changes in your body and many people have lots of discussions about usefulness of watching sport. In my opinion, watching sport can bring lots of good things in person's life such as new skills and entertaiment and it is not just a waste of time.