Sports is very major part of our modern lifes. Some people belive that watching sports on TV is a waste of time and much better do sports, but others think that it is very prohibite for human. I am two minded on this quations and on this essay i give two oppinion for this problem.
On the one hand, wathching sports is exellent and prohibited timespending. Firstly, then you watch TV sports programm you can learn a lot of new informations and skills for your sports careere, for example when you watch sport you can do simillar moves. I know a lot of sports programms which teaching peopple then they repeat axesises. Secondly, then you watch TV or live sports events in company, you can make new friends and have a good time. For example, in my city was many bars where people can meet each other and talk about their lives, jobs and at the same time watch sports programm. But other think that watching sports is waste of time and do sports is more better for person. First, do sports is more interesting and good for your helth. Then you watch TV you can not make your life better, but then you go to gim you can get a lot of prohibits, for example then you swimm you make your body more masculine and increase value of your immunitete. Secondly, then you do sports on sport center, you can make much more friends, when if you seat on the sport bars. Many smart people go to the srorts centers, wheir can meet bissnes pertners or their future family, i mean husbad or wife, beacause sports centers have different sport events, like tournerse or competions, where take part many people.
I think, that both vies is rigth for a part. In my mind watching TV and do sport have advantages, i like watching TV programs and do sports, because then you watch TV you can learn somethink new and get new skills. If i do sports i can make my body more sporty and helthy.
In conclusion, big part of people in the world have sports in their lives, some of their like watching live sports events, others like to do sports. In my oppinion all people can do that they want, and both timespending is welll for our lifes.