Nowadays watching sports is certainly a hot topic among people of all geneartions. Although some people insist that watching sports is unnecessary and does not bring much entertainment and benefits, I believe that watching sports either on TV or at live sports events is not a waste of time. To start with, to my mind, watching sports by TV can be an entertaining practise, many people enjoy it and perfrom such process on a daily basis. Such practise can not only serve as an amusement for leisure time, but as the unification process; for example, some families or groups of close friends like to spend time together watching the soccer or hockey, communicating with each other, debating about the sports and games, discussing the ongoing events, voting for their national team. As regards the live sports events, they could be even more spectacular than the TV events. As an example, the regular attendance of sports events by one can even outgrow itself into the concept of fanship, obtained by many people who enjoy watching various kinds of sports. It usually implies sitting on a tribune with a tremendous crowd of people, observing the sportsmen performing their kind of sports, regradless whether it is swimming, track and fields, or horse riding: anyone can find a sport that suits them personally.
Furthermore, the another reason for watching sports is the rapidly growing amount of people who want to engage into sports. It is an undebatable advantage that includes such construct as motivation. The community of those people who are into sports is highly motivated by the sports they are watching. In addition, the phiscal activity in any from can not only nourish but flourish each person, if performed correctly.
Another bright example of an evident benefit of watching sports is the 2002 Olympics, where Evgeniy PLushenko and Alexey Yagudin took the 1st and 2nd places in male figure skating, respectively. Such accomplishment of those figure skaters was followed by an enormous amount of youngsters who wanted to engage in figure skating and compete on the national and world arena. As a result, in the last decade the masses could obsevre a drastic increase in the amount of gold medlists in figure skating on different competitions such as World Championships, etc.
To conclude, as far as I am concerned, I feel that watching sports can bring many advantages to people, starting from the basic leisure time expenditure to the growth of amount of sportsmen around the world.