Nowadays some people believe that spending their spare time by watching sports is a waste of time. However, I'd like to disagree with this statement because watching sports can be useful and it can be a good way to spend your leisure time. Firstly, watching sports can definitely acquire your knowledge, because while you are watching sports wither on TW or at live, you are learning more about the rules of the game, about players. Moreover, if you watch the sports live, for example, on the stadium, you learn more about sports culture, because you are by the people who loves it and are really into it. Secondly, watching sports can motivate you to try your skills in some sports and can lead to your health improvement and can bring you a fit body. For example, there are a lot of very good football players who started their career after watching a lot of matches and after being encouraged by one of their favourite player. And finally, watching football is a great way to spend time with your friends, family or loved ones, because it seems to be a nice reason to get together, watch some sports and cheer together for your favourite team - it can bring you closer and the atmosphere must be great.
On the other hand, some people believe that watching sports can be a damage for the health or, what is worse, can lead to some addiction. It is explained by the fact that during watching sports you produce adrenaline which surely provokes addiction: you become anxious to find the source of it and might spend too many time by watching sports. However, for my own part I believe that this kind of addiction can be controlled by understanding the risks and by having others thing to do including working, going out with some friends, ravelling or doing sports.
In conclusion I'd like to say that watching sports is great way to widen your knowledge, encourage to start doing sports and spend leisure time with your bosom friends or family, but it's always necessary to do everything wisely and moderately and if you are going to watch sports, you need to remember it too.