It is argued by some that either watching sport events live or on TV is waste of time. I absolutly disagree with this point of view and in this essay I will provide the reason of my opinion.
To begin with, it is worth noticing that watcing sports might be a much more useful pastime compared to, for instante, binge-watching TV series. This is because sport may enrich the audience's emotional experience and broaden the viewer's knowalege about the game's rules, prominent athelets, training techeques and etc. For instance, people who watch internation skiing competitions trend to delve into deeper detail about technique. So, they are more likely to avoid injuries during therl practice sessions.
Another reason for my position is that sports events are a great way to build up the stamina and the sense of community. For example, it is noticeable during a football game or baceball match that people not only lindly support their favorite teams, but also somehow manage to establish long-term social bonds with other sport aficionados. As a result, both - watching games on TV or real life - becomes a social ritual wherr people grather to spend time together and socialise. This, in turn, enriches the viewer's networking connection.
Lastly, watching sport events can not be regarded as a waste of time due to the fact that it may "backfire" and serve as a motivation to take up yoga classes, for instance, or even enrol on proffecional training program at a local fitness centre. In other words, if one enjoys watching sports, it will not take long for the fan to become an active and eager participant of such events. Consequently, watching sports even might contribute to the general health improvement among the population.
In conclution, I absolutly disagree with the opinion that watching sports is a waste of time, and there is a number of reason for that. Firstly, watching sports events may serve an educatioal purpose. Secondly, it creates a sense of belonging to something bigger and intergrates people into new communities allowing them to get acquanted with other people. Thirdly, watching sports might, in some cases, even lead to practicing sport. Taking everything into account, watching sports is a beneficial pastime, so it should not be viewed as total waste of time. 