From the very beginning and even in ancient times sport events were one of the most spectacular and worth watching show. However, nowadays there is an opinion that attending such an events is definitely not the best way to spend our limited time resources and that there are tonns of more suitable alternatives. I can not fully agree or disagree with this statement because even though watching such shows either on TV or at live events is not an interactive and not highly educative way of spending time, it is a perfect way to form a special community.
To start with, watching sports shows or attending live events may really be a waste of time because of lack of interactivity. Watching sports is often connected with chilling on one's couch with a pile of snacks and a bottle of beer. So there is kinda of a paradox: by watching sports one may damage his physical condition. Taking into account the fact that sport events are regular, this act of destroying one's body is also becoming regular. What is more, there is no opportunity for viewer or spectator to gain special knowledge or obtain new skill. In other words, sports have no educational use and that is why there is an opinion that alternative is more adequate way of spending time. In that case by such an alternative I mean actually doing sports rather that watching it.
On the other hand, as it was mentioned before. there is an another point of view. Sport shows or events are a perfect way to create a community united by their love for particular sports or sportsmen. This community may become a fundamental part of one's life and its members may become friends, supporters, colleaugues and so on. It is important to stress that tha main point is not only about creating a community, it is also about becoming a part of it and realising before-mentioned functions of support and understanding towards others. Secondly, watching sports is a descent way to spend times with your already existing friends and maintain your bounds. For example, there is a possibility that adults don't usually have enough time to spend time with their mates because of full-time job or family needs. Sports may be a perfect solution for this problem.