It is thought by some people that watching sport events on both TV and at live are useless activity. I can partly agree with this assertion.
To begin with, watching sport is a best way to spend the free time alone or with the family. Firstly, this activity helps to make people calm and happy. When person watches the sport event, he or she distracts himself or herself from problems in live that surround them everyday. Therefore, watching sport is a good way to improve mood and mental health. Secondly, sometimes sport event could unite family together for a small period of time. Todays pace of life is so rapid that people often forget about their relatives. Thats why bringing the whole family before the TV or at live at the stadioum for watching the sport event is a chance to improve the communication between members of a family and make the bonds that connect the relatives more stronger.
However, watching sports might be a waste of time because it has a negative effect on person's phisycal health. Firstly, sitting before the TV is not a good leisure activity even with the aim to watch a sports. It is well-known that such activity could cause serious ills such as obesity, heart or eye problems. Thats why watching sport is not a good way to spend the free time. Besides, there is another aspect that has to be considered. Watcing sport both on TV and at live is always a time consuning activity. People often forget that they have responsibilities and duties that they must perform and, instead of them, waste their time for watcing sport events. Therefore, watching sport consumes too much of people's free time and distracts them from the actions that they are oblight to do because theese duties are important for them.
Given the above, watching the sports might be a waste of time, but I cannot fully agree with this statement. On the one hand, it is the best way to improve mental health of people and connections between members of family. On the other hand, such leisure activity could damage the person's phisycal health and distract him or her from the duties that are very important. 