Nowadays, there is an opinion that when one watches sports on TV or at live sports events, he or she is just wasting a time. Personally, I strongly disagree with this idea and will show several reasons to support my statement.
At first, it must be mentioned that for everyman sports is just another type of entertainment as well as other TV programmes, movies, games, etc. That is why watching sports could not be considered as a waste of time - relaxation and happiness received by these activities help people to deal with a stress and leave the routine, so it could be some sort of a cure for one's mental health. Moreover, sports might imply some strategic thinking as for group games as football and basketball, so one could think about what should be done by the team member in this situation or what mistake he or she made, so developing strategic skills just by watching and analyzing. Another advantage of watching sports is becoming a part of a vast community - many of my friends are football fans what gives them an incentive to talk about it on personal meetings and in the Internet. They are discussing their predictions of the season, the results of particular games, their favourites and so on and often make new friends during the discussion in social networks and even after live sports events.
Nevertheless, some people still think that one should better do something else rather than watching sports. The main argument is that one is watching but not doing meaning that it is better to do sports than watching it. There is some sence of logic in this argument, but I think that watching gives an incentive for doing in any activity. My friends mentioned above are also sometimes meet together to play football when they have a time to. As for my personal experience, I decided to start playing tennis after watching it on TV. After that, the interest to other healthy activities might emerge, so I started cycling almost every day soon after the first month of my tennis experience. Therefore, there could be positive physical outcomes as well which improves health.
In conclusion, I would say that watching sports has many positive sides which I listed above, so it cannot be considered as a waste of time but rather an activity that can help people to be better in various ways.