There is an ongoing discussion on whether watching sports is a useless passtime. Some agree with this statement while others, with whom I share my opinion, claim that it is beneficial to watch sport programs.
There are two major reasons why people consider watching sport events as a pure waste of time, one of which is a lack of practice with which sport activities are usually associated. People believe that sports should exist in a way that directly benefits a body and makes a person fit by doing exercises. So, they believe it's better to attend a gym rather than watch sports sitting on the sofa and eating crisps. Another aspect refers to the time planning and the priority list of responsibilities to fulfill that seem more essential compared to watching sports. For instance, a single working mother do not have enough time to relax and stare at a TV screen but instead needs to collect her toddler from a kinder garden, cook meal and wipe the apartment.
The opponents believe there are benefits in watching sports due to three reasons. Some regard this activity as a hobby and do it regularly along with sewing or knitting to have a rest. For instance, many elder males usually choose to watch football matches in a company of friends after a hard working day. Apart from seeing sports on television as a regular habit, people who are keen on sports themselves watch them occasionally to improve their techniques and find out new methods of training by taking examples of recognizable sportsmen. For instance, by watching skiing it is possible to observe the pace of sportsmen on different parts of the path and observe the way they use their equipment. The last reason is that watching the victories of the favourite sport idols encourages amateur sportsmen to improve their skills and build self-confidence to participate in competitions themselves.
To sum up, there are opposing views on the use of watching sports on television. Still, I am convinced there are more pros than cons in doing this activity.