There is an opinion that watching sport programms on TV or go to see alive sport competitions is a source of wasting the time. I strongly disagree with tis point of view.
Firstly, the main advantage of watching sports on TV or alive is that a person can express his emotions while watching it. The way of expressing emotions means that a person can be happy, get upset, be worry about the team or the sportsman. This advantage belongs to a personality of the person.
Secondly, the great benefit of going to the sports events is that people can support the sport team or the sportsmen with their voices, cards, posters and songs. The sportman will see such attitude on his game or competition and he will become morally stronger. He will feel himself better. This benefit is from the sportsmen. People on the stadium always help to win. To illustrate it I can describe the situation where people on the stadium helped a sportswoman to be a top jumper of the world in the pole vault. It was in the Olymlic Games when Elena Isinbaeva jumped and broke the world record in pole vault jumping. Staduim with russian people helped her with their voices and cries.
Thirdly, going to sports competitions or watching them on TV is not wasting of the time because such sport meetings can join people together. Sportlovers and sportfans are willing to see a football match in the sport bars, as an example. They can discuss sport events and spend a great time while watching or visiting.
Also, for some people watching sport programms can be the wat of motivation. They see their favourite sportsman and try their best to follow him or to achive the same results. This advantage if popular among children because kids like to watch amazing and exciting programms on TV - sport event is the best idea of it. For children it is not wasting time, they educate themselves phisically and intellectually while watching such programms and visiting alive sport competitions.
To sum up, I can say that being interested in sports in any cases (it can be watching sport on TV or going to the live sport meetings or doing sports) is not a way of wasting time.