IIt is widely known that people tend to spend their free time watching televiosion and one of the most popular programms is sport matches or commentaries. Some people state the opinion that it is a waste of time, while others cannot agree with such view. As for me i take the position of the second group and in this eassay i will provide several reasons to hold my point of view.
To begin with, the main reasons why i truely belive that spending time wathcing sports is not a waste of time is that it hepls people to communicate and create strong connections. Fottbal has always been a team sport, so peole have to find a way to communicate with eacxh other, while wathcing it. There are a lot of fans, who have a strong connection with his colleages. For instance, there may be a group of people, who is working together and they do not know each other, so sport is the thing or a motivation fort them to become closer and get to know each other. It make them feel better and more confindent. What is more, they may become freinds for another reasons and make their relationship last longer.
Another compelling reason for my view is that sport is the thing which can help tofind a connection between father and hos kids. The main idea is that people tend to watch natrches or go to the special events not alone, because it make them feel more common and not alone. Parents, specially fathers bring their children to the match to spennd time with them and make them feel a lit bit happier, as they are no strangers. For example, the grownups tell the rules and make notifications if something is happening and it is restricted or judged uncorrectly. They may also buy food and drinks. As the result, it is a close process, which may help shculdren to become more educated and interested in sports.
On the other hand, the group of people who constntly believe that watching sport is a useless hobby provides such arguments. Fisrt of all, they tend to say that sports match produce agresse and stress, which can cause problems for everone. It means that passoinate people, whose team may have not won or there might be any mistakes from the judges may lose control and hurt someone, who is standing next or is tring to solve the problerm. Providing the example, there were several situations in Russia when agressive fans were those, who have started the fight and there is now a rule, whichthe must follow. But three are still fights, after which peole can stay in a hospital for more than 2 weeks. Secondly, the match is made only for men, so women have to stay alone and there is also a negative attitude towars them. It does not make sports a popluar programm throug the all groups. It means tahe men tend to be ot polite and say rude words to the women, as they think that is their territory and they can do everything.
To sum up, i strongly believe that watching sport is not a waste of time for theese reasons. Fistly, it helps people, who were unknow earlier to commumocate with each other and find connections. Seconldy, it makes family closer, as the father is speaking to his children and is trying to make them, feel happier. He is not stricky, he is also a partner. Im my opinion, sport events is a perfect chance for everyone to become a part of the big gruop and do not be alone.