It is obvious that number of different sports events shown on TV is growing nowadays. There are several reasons for that such as technological development and even appearance of new sport activities. However, there is a group of people who claim that watching sports is a waste of time and I cannot, actually, agree with this point.
Sports events become more popular every year and some people like them or dislike which is quite normal. Someone who hates boxing will consider watching it to be a weird way to spend time because they are not interested in it but the boxing fan will spend hours staring at an important boxing match with his favorite fighter. For example, my brother hates swimming and would never watch it but he pretty much enjoys football and never miss any match of his favorite team. Therefore, we cannot say that watching sports is a waste of time just because we do not like the particular kinds of them or sport in general.
Nevertheless, people who are huge fans of particular kind of sport spend a lot of money and time to watch every game of their "champion". Sports events become a way of life for them, they not just watch game, they follow every step of their team, they cry when the team loses and happily scream when it wins. Fans feel real emotions when they cheer for favorite team and will never give up doing it because they believe that their support helps this team to win. For such people watching sports is the best way to spend time since they feel themselves a part of the action. What is more, I suppose that if a person considers watching sports to be a waste of time, he or she just never tried to do so or did not find a proper sport to watch.
In conclusion I would like to say that attitude to the sports events is a personal business of everyone and you cannot blame people in watching sports without trying it by yourself. And if you still consider it to be a waste of time, try watching it with a real fan and you will find out that there are people who cannot live without it.