Watching sports, either in real life or on a TV screen, is considered by some people to be a waste of time, while others argue that it is quite the opposite. In my personal opinion, both sides are right in their own ways.
On the one hand, watching sports is a popular way to spend time sitting in front of the TV or in the arena, which leads people to argue that the time wasted sitting could be spent being more active and healthy, especially considering how many people prefer eating snacks while being entertained. I have to agree with that sentiment - sitting in one place and spectating the teams for hours while consuming some really unhealthy products like chips, beers and popcorn can lead to a lot of problems with your body, mainly heart, stomach and muscles. And considering that nowadays most sports events are being watched on TV, computers and phones, people's eyesight is suffering as well. If sports and activities are a big part of your life, participating in sports yourself can be considered a more productive and fun way to spend time. On the other hand, watching sports and vouching for the team of choice brings fans a lot of happines, which for a lot of people means that the time spent was worth it. In my opinion, this way of thinking is also right. I believe that anything that brings people joy should not be considered a waste of time, no matter how unproductive it is for the others. Not to mention, sport events always bring people together, either in sadness over a loss or happiness over a victory. And time spent with your family, friends or even sometimes strangers should not be considered a waste by any accounts. Also for a lot of people simply watching sport is the only way to have sport in their lives at all - disabilities, jobs, families and inability to access any sports facilities prevent people from participating in sport in real life. For them there is no other choice than to "waste" time speculating the events.
In the end, seeing the time spent watching sports as either a waste of time or its good use comes from people's values in life - productivity and achievments or relationships and joy.