In the modern society being constatntly thinking about productivity there is a completely different attitude towards watching sport events. Some people state that it is not one of the useful ways to spend one's time, while others disagree and think that such a type of content is an ammazing source of entertainment. This essay agrees that watching sports is not just a waste of time. Firstly, watching sports helps people to feel that they belong to a particular society. The sense of belonginess is reached when one watching sport event with his or her nearest and dearest to share the emotions and feeling about it. The sense of belonginess is vital as it makes human beings feel safe and experience support of other members of the society. According to the surveys, after the 2018 World Cup, more than 80% of russian stadiums visiotirs experienced the feeling of them being a part of their nation. National belonginess is crutial for human beings as it helps to understand the mentality features and one's own personality in adition to the basic feeling of safety.
Moreover, watching sports is a great way to reduce one's stress level. While watching sports, people usually do not think about their daily problems and current issues. Instead, they are concentrated on what is going with sportsmen. Viewers can show empathy towards sport people or feel excited by their success. The feeling of excitement helps them to waist extra energy and be less nervous about the routine. According to the researchers, almost 60% of adults watching sports at leas once a month scored less in neuroticism and showed higher openness than those who do not spend time on such an activity.
To conclude, the consumption of content connected with sport is a grate way to spend one's free time as it helps people to feel themselves a better part of the modernuncertain world. One can hardly state that it is a waste of time beacause people should have ways to spend their leisure time the way it is better for their own mental health and the wellbeing of others.