It is hard to deny that these days more and more people become involved in sports acivities and try to propagande their lifestyle among others. Still, recently in there have been heated disputes about the practical need of watching sports events. Many youngsters as well as retired people consider it just a trifle and a way of loafing and twiddling their thumbs. As fas as I am concerned, I strongly belive that taking part and glancing at the real sport games, matches is really beneficial.
To start with, both online and offline sports enlightens a person, develops his strong physical abilities, mathematical skills, polishes his traits of character. Due to watching sports, he becomes much more well-disciplined, hard-working, passionate, enduring, industrious. Alongside with it, online translations from sports championships inspire many kids who are yet novices at sports and want to achieve their dreams. Thanks to watching such sports legends as Sachin Tendulkar, Brian Lara and many others, they become much more determined in their desires and attempts, watching the real examples and beliveing that they could get the same grades and become the ace of the aces.
Notwithstanding it, the proponents of this viewpoint deprecate that there is no need for visiting live sports tournaments. The first argument of their position is that not all the people are fond of sports, have innate abilities to it and, therefore this can make them bored. More than that, the adversaries find it much more pleasant and exciting to watch films, go clubbing, and going to the cafes, instead of watching any sports actions.
However veracious it all sounds, I still hold my point of view. To my mind, sport is available for all categories of people, despite the age, gender, preferences and abilities. That is the crucial aspect of sports events that it is a binder of the whole families where all the members are different. Thus, it should involve every living soul, making the ties in the society firm and tight. Sports makes the community stronger both online and offline, that is its forte.