Nowadays the popularity of watching sports via TV in bars and at homes significantly increased, so the society has divided in two groups in accordance with people's attitude to it: while some of them consider it one of the most pleasant thing for them, others insist that the time spent on watching other people do sport might be used more efficiently. This essay supports the first point of view.
I would name several reasons to stop watching matches via TV at all. Firstly, it is well-known that in a modern world, where citiziens usually have low active life-style, people should be encouraged to do sport as much as they can, but watching sport sitting in front of the TV will definitely interfere with it. Scientists has proven that watching other people get some emotions may replace person's wish to achieve them; in sport it works the same way. While teams and players win and fail, a person looking at them gets less motivated to keep fit. Secondly, statistics proved that while watching people tend to consume much more food than they need. Snacks, fastfood is typically eaten, so in long-term perspective this will damage individual's health.
Opponents of my point of view claim that sport events might be very joyful, they heal sadness, unite families and bring dinamics to life. For example, the day of Super Bowl becomes the national celebration in the United States every year. In that day families eat turkey, fried chicken and other high fat and sugar meals, which destroy society's health as mentioned above.
I completely disagree with that and state that sitting in front of the screen is an ordinary type of procrastination, which humanity so desperately wants to find cure for. In my opinion, in any case there would be better to look for a healthier or more useful alternatives or at least go for a walk or to a gym.
To conclude, debating on watching sport consists of people who watch it and stands by an opinion that it is not that harmful, whereas others (me included) claim that those emotions may be get in many other occastions, bringing not only a good emotions, but also productivity and health.