Sports are an essential part of human lives nowadays. A majority of people are participating in different kinds of sports today like football, ice hockey, basketball and more. They also spend their rest time enjoying watching sports on TV or visiting the events themselves. However, some people think that there are a lot of interesting things to do instead of watching sports and others should not spend their time doing that. Both opinions have their points.
First of all, watching sports is a nice way to motivate yourself for new heights. I have experienced that myself: I used to weight about 96 killogramms this July. One day, I suddenly decided to visit a football match with my friend in Samara. We were amazed by the game and players' strength, so we had decided to start training to become more fit. It's 20th October and I weight 83 now. I have also tried to apply for one of my university football teams. Moreover, watching sports is a great method to earn money. It's pretty easy to make profit even for a novice in a world of sports' bets. I can't but remember my own experience again. After the described situation with a football match in Samara I've deciced to try this method of earning money. I'm not a big bet player but I have some profit, which is about 30000 rubles, and that's a great type of financial support for a stundent. However, some people may say that we shouldn't waste our time on watching sports because we can spend it on doing actual sports. There is a sterotype that people who watch sport are pretty lazy or their bodies are not in shape they may be. Watching sports may also spoil your mind and lifestyle. As it is known, every human is a social creature and we should socialize everyday. If you watch sports at home, you might become antisocial and if you visit sports events, the subculture would make you deviant.
In conclusion, I would say that I can't imagine my life without watching sports. I prefer watching them every weekend any time anywhere because it is pretty useful for my personal development as a person and a player. It is also a great way to combine rest and money making.