Many people consider that spending time throw watching translations of sports events (even in stadiums) is not useful way of enjoying free time. However, others believe that it is really good way of relaxing and having time. I agree with this opinion because of three reasons which I will explain below.
First of all, watching sport events brings you unforgetable emotions and memories. Sport activities can be really funny or nervous, competitive and valuable for your country. This effect explains by the fact that people always worry about their favourite sportsmen and want their victory. Statistic shows, that about 40% of Russian families often gather together and watching sport activities on TV and it becomes family tradition because of unforgetable emotions.
The second reason is that translations of sport events can encourage people to do some sports, to go to the gym because they want to become like their favourite sportsman. It is really great effect of watching sports competition because doing sports influence on health in a better way, people become fitter and more positive, their diseases can disappear. For an instance, my sister Kate started running every day after watching running competitions in Olympiad 2012 in London. Her shape became more beautiful and her heart problems went away.
Finally, watching sport events gives a lot of new information about nonidentical kinds of sport. People can know about a huge number of sport activities, results of competitions, lifes of famous sportsmen. This knowledge can help in discussion with other people in coffee break or it can help people to find new friends with common interests in sports. For example, my father got an offer to a big company in the USA because he knew results of football meeting and his new boss liked it.
To sum up, I can not agree with people who suppose that watching sports events is useless way of spending time because such competitions can give you a lot of valuable emotions and memories, motivation to keep fit and information for discussion with other people.