In this day and age it is a well-known fact that sports is en essential part of our everyday life and we cannot imagine our routine without it. Some people believe that people shoud not spend their time by watching sports, others, however, argued that they ought to watch it. This essay will examine the adavantages and disdvantages of watching sports.
The two main advantages is that sports is an essential part in increasing patriotic spirit of people and sports is very important for people. Firstiy, sports competitions and games between different countries unites people an makes them more loved in their countries. I mean that during sports competitios the patriotic spirit is appeared amount of people in one country. For example, everyone knows about footdall championship, where people uniting by nervesing about the results of these competitions. Moreover, watching sports is very important because it formulate peoples' attitude to sports activities. In other words, some people will go doing some sports after watching it on the For inctance, many children attend sports sections because of parents, preferancies in sports, translation on the TV.
However, watching sports has some major disadvantages like it takes a lot of time and it is a waste of money. Firstly, sports competitions take too much time. I mean that these competitions are translaiting every day on the TV and true fans prefer watch it all time, rather then doing more important things. Furthetmore, tickets are not so cheap as on the other ways of entertainment. In other words, if a person wants to ettend some life sports event, he or she will pay valuable amount of money for a ticket. For example, average price per one tichet on the competition is 3000 rubls.
All things considered, I would like to say that although watching sports have sertain negative sights like taking a lot of time and wasting money, it has an extremely positive impact on potriotical spirit of people and their health. I believe that these benefits of watching sports outweight its drawbacks. 