Nowadays there are few opinions about watching sports programmes. Some people think that watching different sports events is silly and you can spend this time on something useful while others believe that watching sports ia not a waste of time because it is their way of relax and spending free time. I completely disagree with the statement that watching sports is a waste of time. First of all, watching live sports events is one of the ways to spend your free time after a hard long day. Such hobby is a great intertainment to release toxins and change your horrible mood to a good one because during program you always shout, laugh, agrue whith TV or your family member\friend and support your team actively. For example, spanish scientists study the research where they look after people, who watch sports programmes after work, and those, who watch different movies. This research proves that respondents, who watch verious sports events in the end of the day, was more stable and pation after that and even at the next day. They feel relaxed and renew while those, who watch films, said that the after movie they were tired and did not want to talk with somebody or did something.
Moreover, watching sports helps some people to find their new passion and start to do sport. Such sports programmes on TV or live streams encourage people to do football, basketball or just go fitness. For instance, my friend Anna was a sport's hater since we were five. She never watched any sports or do activities. However, one day when we were 17 her dad bought three tickets to a box match. As her dad spend the money we agree to go. Since that moment Anna became a huge fan of box! Now she even goes to the box club every weekend and takes part in competitions. She says that before box her life was boring and she always wanted to change someting, but now she is the happiest person in the world and desire to spend the rest of her life watching sports event especally box and do sport.
All in all, many people consider that watching sports is not important and just a waist of their time. However, i totally disagree with them. In my opinion, watching sports brings two big pluses in our lives. First, when you watch sports programmes you increase your mood as you relese all bad toxins while you support your team in a match. Second, watching sports can help you to find your hobby. During live sports stream you can realise that you are interested in tennis for example and then go to a tennis club. So you wiil find your desire and become more phisically healthy.