Watching sports is a very controversial topic since people share different opinions towards it. The first group of people considers watching sports to be a waste time, whilst the second group believes that watching sports is beneficial.
According to my beliefs, watching sports even on TV can not be regarded as a waste of time. Watching sport events have particular pros and cons, which create different points of views. First of all, watching sports can literally lead to doing sports. Watching sports on TV and at live events means that a person becomes a fan of a sport team or is interested in the particular kind of sport. As soon as people begin to follow their favourite sport team members on social media, visit each sport event, they become even more ethusiastic about sport. In the future a person might be aimed to be good at sports due to the sport role model who was on TV many years ago. Secondly, while people share the same interest as watching sports, they create social capital. Visiting sports events is a very beneficial time spending since people get to know to each other, they gain social experience, they socialy develop during these visits. As people have the same direction of interests, they might even become friends.
The opposite point of view states that people, who are keen on watching sports, mostly spend time at home without any physical activity. Since people are interested in watching sports in front of TV, they are not aimed to have any physical activity or even do household chores and working tasks.
I can not fully agree with this statement as watching sports does not imply that a person spend all his/her time watchig TV. For some people watching sports is an opportunity to escape from the real world, they can have a rest and do nothing during 2 periods of the favourite game. It is all up to a person, watching sports does not make a person sillier or make him/her unwilling to do any tasks, the person himself/herself decides how he/she is aimed to spend a life.