The given charts illustrate how people change from desktop to mobile for using of Facebook and why do they use Facebook?
We can see from the data that, in general, there was a growing tendency to use mobile for logging in to Facebook than desktop. And there were also many reasons from people who are using Facebook, to answer the question: " Why do they use it?", but the most justifiable reason from both men and women was Sharing photos or video. Also Seeing funny posts, Receiving updates and Learning about way to help others were listed as reasons for entering Facebook.
On March 2012, more 140 millions of people used desktop to enter to Facebook. But after that, on March 2013, this amount had a little falling off from 140 to more than 120 millions of users using desktop to go to Facebook. Opposed to the decline in the number of people using desktop to access Facebook is an increase in using mobile. From March 2012 to March 2013, we can see that there were more and more people prefer to use mobile for using Facebook. The number of users was increased from 60 millions of users to 100 millions, and it proves that the use of mobile phones to access social network as Facebook is becoming more and more popular today.
Among all listed reasons for using Facebook, Sharing photos and videos has highest percentage than the others with 54% from women and 39% from men. Both of them thought that Facebook is the good place, where they can share their photos and videos of their days or activities to all people that they know. Besides of sharing photos, people use Facebook to see funny posts, and this reason was agreed by 43% of women and 35% of men. As we already know, social network now really helps us in receiving updates and information around us, that's why 39% from both men and women listed that receiving updates also a reason for using Facebook. The last reason in the list was Learning about ways to help each others. This can also be a reason, but seems like not many people agree with it, although it still has 35% from women and 25% from men.
In conclusion, social network are now very popular today, nobody can deny its importance in our life. And with the development of social network, people also change their way to get the updates more comfortable and faster, that's why using Facebook from desktop to mobile has great change like that.