On TV we have a lot of sport channels, there are some of them doing serious sport analytics. If they exist, there is people who want to watch this kind of content. But also some people guess that it is unnecessary and useless, it is just a waste of time. In my opinion, watching sports is a kind of entertainment which can be interesting for a lot of people, of course, it might be also useful.
On the one hand, watching sports is very non-active spending of time. Firstly, people usually prefer to stay at home and watch sports on TV, but at the same tame they can doing sport by themself, not laying on sofa. Most of fans of TV sport have problems with health and maybe obesity. Secondly, there is special culture around watching sports on TV. It concludes junk food and alcohol. It is very ritualised process, including a lot of unhealthy practices. It is useless kind of spending time, because you do not get any profit, not for your body and not for your mind.
On the other hand, it is just an image of watching sports, it has a lot of prejudices. Of course, there is people hwo prefer this "lazy" way to spend heir time. But it is not connected with sports on TV, in most of cases those people have this "lazy" type of lifestyle. It is their choice and we are not available to judge them and say that it is "waist of time". Also there is fans of TV sports, who doing sport by themself and very interested in this sphere. They just want to know more about professional sports. Moreover, exists sports journalism, which provide their readers or listeners with very professional analytics. For example, sports show on YouTube called "3x3" about basketball gives to their watchers information about the most famous basketball players and basketball teams. Of course, it is important for people to get adrenaline from watching sports, it is very emotional event.
In conclusion, it is very difficult to know everything about competitions in sport which you like, to know all players, teams and their hierarchy. There is positive impact of watching sports - good emotions, feeling of unity and getting knowledges. I am still convinced that watching sports is very good choice for hobby ans isn't as useless as some people guess.