Nowadays it is argued that people are spending to much time watching sports. Personally, I disagree with this opinion. This essay argues that sports events represent a necessary source of union of people and provide them with role-model examples.
To begin with, sports events can be used to unite people. The sense of shared culture can be develeped while watching sports because people become very excited when their team wins. For instance, both huge fans and people who regulary do not watch sports start to feel proud for their country or city when it wins. Their spirits are united, which is not only a unique feeling, but is also a good way to appreciate your country history and its achievements. Furthermore, sports can be used as a method to unite people because it is a good way of spending time together. For example, going to sports events or just watching sports on TV provides people with social necessities and make them feel happier as they are not alone. Sports can also be used as a common topic for the conversation, because everybody has an opinion on it, even those who do not watch sports on a regular basis.
Another reason why sports evens are of a great importance is that they have a great influnce on motivation and provide good examples of role models. Usually, people who do sports professionally can be used as an example of a motivation story. These are the people with strong character, who despite all the difficulties during their path to success, made it till the end. Thus, it can motivate people not only to do sports for physical reasons, but for the psychological as well. For instance, they can use the sports role models to increase their self-efficacy and manage all difficulties in everyday life. It is also a good example for people who are less lucky in life, for instance, disabled people. Thanks to the Olympiads with disabled people, they gain faith that they can do it. In my life I know the examples of disabled children that were motivated by such sportsmans and are now doing sledge hockey as their hobby.
In conclusion, although some people say that we should not spend a lot of time watching sports, because it is not worth it, I believe that this time is valuable. It teaches people necessary life skills, motivates them to deal with difficulties and unites them.