Somebody can claim that watching sports do not have any useful potential. However, I hold the opinion that it is a beneficial activity and in this essay I will provide arguments for what extend disagree with this statement.
The most compelling reason for holding my opinion is that, watching sport together manage to unite different people. In most cases, people forget about any visible differences among society, such as race, social class, age and gender, in order to achieve common aim, which is support the sport team. For instance, it is often seen, how sport watchers sing or dance together, being the absolute strangers to each other. Thus, this activity allows people to meet a lot of new friends.
The another vital argument is that, sport provides watchers with apportunity to forget about thier problems in real life. Often people get very invested in the sport game, that they are watching, that nothing possibly can bother them anymore. At this rate, watching sports can be seen as a stress relief, which do not requier any money investments, as people can watch it from home, using thier devices.
Lastly, watching sports can be consider as intillectual activity. As many sports game imply a lot of rules and aspects they can be applied. In this case, people have to be aware of them to follow the game process. This aspect allow them to improve their strategy skills in order to forecast the game's outcome and estimate the level of power of all sport teams.
Taking into consideration all I have mentioned above, I would say, that watching sports is not just a waste of time, as it includes several advantages. The main reason for doing this activity is to feel united with some people with similar interests, who potentially may become friends. Sport manages to earase most of human differences, which is helpful for maintaining social stability in society. What is more, sport allow people to forget about their daily problems and relief stress. And finally, this activity helps watchers to develop thier strategy and memory skills, which will be essential in other tasks in future. All this aspects illustrate that the useful potential of watching sports cannot be denied. 