It is common knowledge that people spend enormous amount of time sitting in front of the television or at the stadium obsessed with watching sports events. This type of leisure activity has both advantages and disadvatages. In my opinion, watching sports is not a waste of time and this essay provides some arguments to support my point of view.
While watching sports eather on TV or at live people are gathered togever, which means that that the spirit of a team is spread around the living room as well as the whole stadium. Thus, it has two positive impacts on our personalities. The first reason is related to the family, because besides it is a good way to spend your leisure time it gathers the members of the family together. Consequently, the main values such as support, help and strong willing with the desire of winning make the children (or even adults) behave respectfully and value the time spent together and people who stand by your side. The second reason is that our positive emotions help the team to win the champioship. It means that when one thousand of people wish a successfull game their favorite team, the Universe hears that request and give strength and beliefs to the players.
The second argument to support my opinion is that watching sports no matter the way it is done increases the motivation of doing sports by yourself. Firstly, you can see the success of your team and start you personal sport career being motivated to have the same physical shape and achievements. In comparison, even the failures of your team teach you not to give up, to stay self-confident and try your best to reach your goal. Thus, you will gain more experience and traits of charackter which will help you in the future. Therefore you can become an amazing person you have never admired to admit it.
In conclusion, I truly disagree with the opinion that while watching sports people only waste their time. The positive emotions of gathering together and motivation to develop your personal skills - that is the profit that gives us watching sports. 