There is an opinion that watching sports has no point. In my opinion, watching sports on TV or at live sports events is not a waste of time. The following paragraphs will explain my point of view.
Firstly, watching sports can be good for children. If a child starts to watch sports games or visit sports events with parents on a regular basis from a young age, they will more likely to grow up interested in doing sports which is really good for children's both mental and physical health. In addition, seeing football players or other sports stars can set the right example for younger people and show a great role model of goal-oriented, ambitious and hardworking people.
Secondly, sport is a part of the national culture and hopefully something to be proud about. So, being interested in sports means being interested in the future history of your country. For example, there are many great athletes from different countries that made history with their achievements and not knowing their names can seem uncultured and shameful.
Moreover, watching sports can bring people together. Rooting for your favourite team or player always brings out a lot of emotions and can help with building connections with other people. For example, many football fans become best friends for life because of the common interests that they share.
Nevertheless, there is another opinion that watching sports is a waste of time. People who contribute to this point of view often say that sitting in front of a TV and probably binge eating something unhealthy and drinking has nothing to do with the actual sport and it is better to go out and do some physical activity rather than waste your time sitting still.
In conclusion, I do not think that watching sports is a waste of time. People can have different hobbies and interests and being a sport fan can be one of them. I believe that when something brings positive emotions to people and does not hurt others than it can not be a waste of time because everyone is free to spend their free time however they like.