Sport events have always been one of the main attractions of humanity since the ancient times. However there is a contentious debate whether visiting sport events or watching them at home is a waste of time. As far as I am convinced there is a harm for your own time and life at all in watching sporting activities. The purpose of this essay is to provide my opinion with appropriate arguments.
Initially, watching sport events negatively affects our daily routine. The explanation for this might be that people, who spend their time observing the long-lasting game usually leave all their duties at workplace or at home, being deeply involved in the what happens on the screen. This basically means that people watching sports prefer entertainment to their responsibility in front of their colleagues and family members. In addition, such approach to leisure time or even working time is usually accompanied by alcoholic drinks, junk food and loud companies that negatively affect the health and in some ways may violate social norms.
The further evidence is that visiting stadiums and other sport infrastructures is quite connected with the matters of danger. Obviously, some matches are full of trouble-makers, football hooligans, ultras and provokers, who can simply lead to some clashes between fan groups or even to the death incidents as it was in 1991 in one of football matches in dissolving Yugoslavia. Moreover, different violations may occur, because using smoke grenades and "fires" usually leads to emergency situations at the event. The pandemic situation has also proved the disadvantages of attending the places with a huge amount of people.
Coming to a conclusion, it is worth to note that of course in some cases visiting such events as Olympic games or World Championship is positioned as the expression of national pride. Nevertheless, apart from safety and responsibility factors, the financial one should be also considered since subscriptions on sport broadcasting platforms or the cost of tickets are usually too expensive.