Nowadays, doing sports is being one of the most engaging ways to spend the spare time for people from all around the world. People are not only playing different kinds of sports, but also enjoy watching it rather on TV or at live events. The true fans of sports or just interested people would say that such way of spending time is everything they need for the entertainment. However, there are some people who states that watching sports on TV or at stadiums is a truly waste of time. From my point of view, there are more cons for the argument that by watching sports in any way people spend their time with both effectiveness and interest.
There are a lot of people in the world who are unable to do sports themselves due to the various life circumstances. Thus, watching the sports is the only way for them to enjoy it, even though it is not the same as playing. To provide an example, suppose there is a football player who dedicated all his life to the profession and enjoyed every minute of doing it. One day, due to some circumstances he becomes unable to continue playing football and the only thing is left for him to do is only watching it. This way, watching the sports plays crucial role for him to continue living and never give up. It becomes somebody's hope and cannot be considered as a waste of time. The world of sports is connected to and cannot function without the fans. The fan's sport routine mainly consits of the fully involvement in the sports by supporting the teams and watching every game. This way, TV or live sports events are playing the significant role in the stable fan's routine functioning. Fans would not have any ability to support and cheer up the players if they do not have TVs or live events. For such people, time on watching sports is not considered as a waste of time, it becomes more like a meaning of life. To conclude everything mentioned above, watching the sports should not be considered as a waste of time due to many reasons. For some people, it is the only way to keep going and never give up in some difficult life circumstances. For others, watching sports becomes a meaning of life, so if they lose it - they would have no interest for going further in life. Everyone has their own difinition of wasted time, but I do not think that watching sports would be included in there.