Nowadays more and more people voice their concern about the bad habits that consume tremendious ammount of time. Some people believe that watching sports on TV is one of those habits that make you spend your time in vain. I firmly believe that statement to be true and in this essay I wil explain why.
First point to consider is that such way of entertainment as watching TV is time consuming. Some people say that you may be so engrossed in this process that you lose track of time. I believe, this is one of a major drawbacks of this type of entertainment due to the fact that time is the most precious resource one might have. It might be true to say that everyone need some time to unwind. I agree with that statemant but I must point out that there are other ways to relax. For example, it is better do to sports rather than watch someone do them.
Another important thing to remember is that there is no useful benefit of watching live sports on TV or other platforms. Some might argue that having a leisure time is benefit in itself. I think that watching sports events from the seats of the stadium is far more exciting than watching TV. The former will create a fond memory whilst the latter will be forgotten in a few days.
On the other hand, people who are not involved in professional sports might find inspiration to stay fit by watching sports programms. However, I am inclined to agree with those who disapprove of this kind of activity since it is far more easy to find inspiration to do sports by participating in competitions and starting a training programm with your friends. I believe that getting inspired by real life people is more effective and less damaging to your mental image of yourself.
To conclude, I strongly belive that watching sports events on TV is a waste of time since viewer doesn't benefit himself or herself by spending time that way. Some people will disagree saying that as any other way to relax watching TV is good for you and might help you find inspiration. But to my mind it is better to spend time on doing sports yourself.