Nowadays every person stands for a healthy lifestyle: it is widely recommended to sleep enough, eat properly, do sports (just to stay healthy, not to become more attractive). It is also very imprtant to educate yourself and spend your precious time on learning the things you like and things that can support your CV. Still, some prefer to relax sometimes and watch sports on TV, for instance. Is it right to spend time on such a thing?
I personally disagree with the statement that watching sports events is a time loss. First of all, it is the best way to have rest after a tough week or even day for those who love sports. It is good to have something that makes you relax and forget about all the troubles that have occured recently. Also, it is a good way to schedule the time for your rest: sports programs are usually limited in time and cannot be longer than the period announced, especially if it is a particular event. Such people will only spend this amount of time instead of series lovers who can postpone their further needs and stay awake til the morning to finish the season and feel even worse the next day.
However, the backers of the opposite opinion claim that it would be much better to do some sports in real life (yoga or simple jogging) or spend time with friends or family: anything but the useless TV watcing. This way they would both relax and do something fruitful for their body and mind.
Still, I disagree with such an opinion. It is, of course, should be in a schedule of each modern person, but it should exclude some days when all the person wants is to stare at their big screen to watch the program that intertains them. Doing useful and healthy things is great, but if one is exhausted both mentally and physically, there is no sense to torture yourself and try seeming better than you are.
To sum up, it is very important to mention the significance of having rest. The actions taken to relieve the stress may be stupid, non-productive and slightly harmful for a general schedule. However, if we ignore them, we will not let the stress go away and some day the only option available will be giving up on your perfect day for a way longer period.