There is a very pressing issues comes over the recent years on whether watching sports on television and at the stadiums is a waste of time or not. Some people do believe that it is so. When it comes to me, I would disagree because watching is sports is one of the most useful thing in terms of learning the new skills.
Firstly, watching sports could not be just a waste of time because both professional sportsmen and the beginners are boosting their sport skills and motivation. It is not a secret of these last century that people's physicals anatomy is training us while we are watching sports: our brain recognizes the movements from the screen and than repeats at least 25% of the algorithm while we are sleeping. The recent researches show that a person watching sports come to the gym more prepared in comparison with who does not. Furthermore, staring at the well-trained people gives a motivation for the beginners to go in for sports. Demonstrating sports activities is one of the ways of future involvement and hence, a kind of a guarantee for the society to be healthy and motivated.
Secondly, watching sports could be useful not only for people engaging such activities but for thoes kind of human who are self-developing in the other spheres because of the social skills provided by sports. If a person watch basketball, football and etc.competitions he will always be able to support a dialog with other people who fond of sports. Hence, watching spots give all the humanity a topic to discuss and boost the socialisation process. Moreover, sport events are helpful for it professional commentators, they gift others with a skill to of criticism. It is a very essential quality for those who are studying at the university and hace to write an essay or for those who decides the economical problems in the government as an example.
In conclusion, I would sasy underestimating of watching sports is inadmissible, since it gives many benefits in terms of learning or training the new skills both for professionals and for ordinary people.