Nowadays the sport as a phenomenon is becoming more and more popular, that is why many people try to become a part of sport events by watchiing it from their TV screens or at the stadiums. While I accept that some people might consider spending their free time on watching sports to be a waste, I believe that such leisure activity might be useful.
Some people claim that they do not want to waste time in such an non-productive way. They think that watching sports is not only distracting them from more fruitful activities, but can also damage their health. First of all, time in front of the screen can be spend on such "meaningful" tasks as work (earning money), or study, especially if we are talking about students. They have more important things to do: deal with their homework or get some practice in order to receive higher qualifications. These activities are supposed to bring more advantages in their future life, so why should they waste their time on watching others play some games? Secondly, if a person spends a lot of time in front of the TV, this may affect one's sightseeing. Eyes are an important part of our bodies, so we should take care of them and not put them under the risk. Besides, some sport games might be quite nervous, and if a person is too attached to some sport team, their loss might be damaging for his or her mental health.
However, I disagree with this position and claim, that watching sport events is not a waste of time. To begin with, sport events can be useful to get positive energy and improve the mood. The atmosphere on the stadium is always an impulse: people, all together, observe the game, espress their fanship feelings and unite into a whole. Sportsmen feel this vibe and play much better when there are people supporting them. In addition, it is a wonderful way to distance from the world full of problems: when you are "in the game", you can step away from the everyday routine and experience something new. Besides, the stadium can also become a platform of new acquaintences, which is a good opportunity to meet people who definitely share your interests.
In conclusion, I can say that there are different positions of whether to consider watching sports to be a waste of time or not. But I strongly believe that observing sport events is rather a useful activity and has a lot of pluses.