According to some opinions, watching sports on-line or off-line can be considered as wasting time. I do not agree with this statement because there are several reasons working for the opposite. The first and foremost reason is the feeling of unity with sportsmen as well as with fans. A person, who regularly watches sports on TV or visits in this purpose live sports events, is highly involved in the process. He could monitor not only sports but the lives of his favorite men of sports and feel dedicated to their success. Such people named fans could imagine that partly because of their active watching a sportsman does his best. However, not only fans on regular basis could experience such feelings. People who rarely visit sports events or watch them on TV feel the same as fans because of the spirit of competition, high concentration on it which cannot be avoided, especially in live, and the enjoy of the commentator which accompanies the translation of sport. In the case of victory in the particular competition, a person watching it gets not only close emotions to the emotions of his preferable sportsman as he is like a passive player but also he feels confidence in that his energy and faith has supported someone's success. Therefore, a person does not waste time while watching sports because of the high moral strength he perceives.
What is more, watching sports can peroform as a supplemantary way of income. It is not neccassary to be a professional commentator to lead own channel on Youtube or on other different Internet platforms. So, such hobby can be well-paid if the commentaries are precise and memorable. Apart from that, anyone could occupy it in his free time because this job does not have a fixed schedule.
Although such reason as moral strength and emotions has been dicussed, there is one close motive. Waching something on-line or off-line is always a an easy method to relax. Nowadays, relaxation is not so popular topic because of the century including the unstoppable competition of people and their willingness to take their place in this life. However, resting does not become less important because of it. It still works on refreshing the mind which contributes to work and supports the hunger for life. To sum up, nowadays some people concern watching sports in live or on TV as a waste of time. However, I disagree with this point and find such way of spending time very reasonable because it could give the high moral strength, could provide and extra income and be a great mean to relax.