Nowadays sports became an important part of anyone's everyday life as the sport news and contests are shown widely on the TV, news programs, cinema, etc and remain popular to visit on the weekend. Still, many people believe that watching sports in a living room or at a real field is not time-worthy. In my opinion, sports viewing can be useful and intertaining, but, in general, i do not support the idea of wasting couple of hours a day on it.
On the one hand, from my point of view, watching sports could really bring happiness in people's lifes. For example, football fans usually feel ready to follow favourite team even at the matches in different countries as it pays them the huge amount of energy and fun. Moreover, common watshing closens people during hard times and essential sport contests, such as, for instance, Olympic games. Historically, the wars were stopped during the Games to let atheletes and viewers securily visit the contest. Much later, our country during USSR period was hugely involved in common supporting national ice hockey, soccer and many other teams, all uniting despite various social, economical and poloitical conflicts at the state. Finally, sports watching may be necessary for some professions. Analytics, commentators, TV-hosts must have a clue on sports world and a skill of discribing and discussing it.
On the other hand, only the minor part of the viewers really have or enjoy to observe it. Daily dialogues' topics may usully be referred to sports but as well switched to the other. Personally I think, that many people turning on football, basketball or any other translation do this only because of the easiness and laziness of such a choice but not the will to become an expert in the sphere. Passive viewers usually do not pay attention to the exact program they turned on while they scroll the feed or cook. Furthermore, sports is qiet easy to watch as it requiers the minimal intellectual efforts for the basic watching (now we do not talk about sport analytics). As for the importance of sports as a part of the socio-cultural sphere, a person is mainly required to be able to discuss and express the opinion on the match and the result, which could be maintained by reading the news or analythical article of an expert, avoiding hours of watching. So, as I see it, the majority of viewers who are not into sports a lot, could find more fulfilling, educating or even just exciting way to past time. In conclusion, I would like to say that watching sports can be really intriguing and involving and unite people all over the the world, but the huge part ofthe viewers passively kill time by its source, while they could pay it to the more useful activities.