Sport is an issue which always generates heated debate. Some people argue that watching sports TV shows or live sports events is a waste of time but others claim that it is the perfect type of entertainment. In my opinion, it depends on a person, because all of us have differeint interests.
On the one hand, it is really perfect choise to watch sports events when you have a free time. It helps you to relax after work or studying and get new positive emotions. For example, all of us need time when we can just sit in front of TV and watch the play of favourite team, not thinking about daily problems. Moreover, sometimes you can go to the stadium and watch live sports events such as football or basketball plays etcetera. You will not only watch the game but become a part of an friendly armosphere. Finally, this type of entertainment is a good chance to spend your free time with your family. For instance, my father often calls me, if match of our favoutite team is planing. We bring tasty snacks and spend a significant time together on the sofa.
On the other hand, there are some disadvantages too. Usually plays have fixed timetable and you need to interrupt yourself from your work to watch them. Some people strongly believe that it is a waste of time and may has strong impact on the quality of work. Furthermore, if you prefer to watch live sports events you will need time for booking tickets and trying to get to the studium. Sometimes there are traffic jams on the roads which might make this process difficult. Many of us think that it is not really convinient and may has irreversible consequenses on work, so they prefer continue to work or study instead of going to the sport match.
Taking everything into consideration, I would say that if you like sport that TV shows related to this topic, TV matches and live sports events are absolutely for you, but if you have a lot of work to do or do not really interested in this area, it will be better for you to choose anything else.