Nowadays it is considered that watching sports broadcasts or visiting live matches and games is not the appropriate way to spend the time. In my opinion, sport is an essential part of our modern life. That is the reason why this essay will argue the thesis above and provide arguments to support my position.
First of all, sport is a very important social institution. It enables different fans from all around the world to share a common feeling and forget about all the cultural distinctions. For example, Football World Cups unite countries, because they are the main summer sport events. People transfer from various countries to chear for their favourite teams. All the news are devoted to matches' results or to precise fans who showed their creativity in the ways of supporting. All together, the events around sport create a positive atmosphere that helps to set new social connections across the world. This process also influences the understanding of other cultures that could lead to better international communictation among precise people.
Secondly, sport gives an opportunity to burst out all the negative emotions that could be caused by dayily working stress or routine life. I experianced this feeling several times. During the last Footbal World Cup I was graduating from the school and, hence, had to pass my state exams. I was really nervous through all the two exam weeks. After that, the matches began and I was supporting Russian national team. Its games were definetly tough both for the team and for all the supportes and that is why I was so exited when it managed to win all the group stages and even beat the team from Spain. After these games I forgot all my troubles because I was emotionlly exhausted.
To conclude, although watching sports requires a lot of time and energy, I believe that its merits are more beneficial. All types of sports unite people from all around the globe and allow to improve our emotional condition that is often under the threat of stressful routine.