Nowadays, watching TV program on sports or going to matches or competitions is a popular hobby. However, the growing number of people consider such time spending to be only a waste of time. I disagree with this statement as watching sports has been widely known interest of people for centuries, and should not be falsely accused of lacking intellectual basis.
Sport is a famous range activities that are suitable for all kinds of people. Nowadays, it can serve as a way to find contact with people of different interests, generations, abilities. For instance, family gathering for watching football matches can bring close grandparents, parents, and children even though these people can have absolutely opposite worldviews. Sport can also help disabled children to be included in society as there are many organisations which are based on similar hobbies of such people which frequently are about sport as it does not require much of world knowledge as other clubs (like debate club or playing chess). Going to live sport events, in their turn, can be an exciting time spending which bring many good emotions.
On the other hand, sport itself is a ambivalent activity that can result in bad consequences for both fans and players. It is due the increased emotional investments people make to sports. For instance, competitions are known for massive bloody fights and arguments as during the matches, as after the event when fans meet each other on the streets. In 2018, when there was a footbal championship in St. Petersburg, it was extremely unsafe to walk around the city at night due to the possibility of meeting angry fans. It can also result in international disagreements and increase in chauvenist tendencies such as racism. For example, during international championships people tend to refer incorrectly to people from other countries and spread stereotypes that can lead to bad consequencies.
In conclusion, sport has a possitive intentions and can be a good time spending for people, however, it should be properly regulated not to result in negative consequences for players, fans, and just innocent bystanders.