People like to spend their free time in different ways. Some of them enjoy relaxing with their family, going for a lunch with the lovely ones, watching movies or surfing the internet and so on. But there is a huge amount of sport fans, who would spend their weekend visiting stadiums and supporting their teams or just seeing them on the TV. Some people believe that spending time watching sports is useless and ineffective. It seems that their point is not reliable for me, and I have got some reasons to prove my point.
To begin with, I want to suppose why people do not like watching sports. Lots of them think that this activity is boring. Usually people like this would rather do sports, than watch it, because it is much funnier and develops their muscles, bones and even intelligence. Meanwhile typical image of person watching sports on TV or on a stadium is something like a couch potato, a very reluctant person who can not play sports himself and watch it.
More than that, many individuals are not into the atmosphere of sport's event. Most of the sport events are noisy and crowdy, there is a lot of interaction between people even watching it not live, which basically does not fit into lives of introverts, for example.
Nevertheless, I do not support this opinion. Watching sport might be productive, and I would like to explain why. Firstly, you have the opportunity to earn money while watching your favorite game. I am not meaning any gambling by that, for instance there is a Fantasy League in football, where you analyse the data from matchdays and you may make your own predicitions without losing any money.
Secondly, watching sports helps you to be more patient and pay attention to details. As I have already said, all kinds of sports include different analitics processes, and from that you may learn basic tactics almost like on a crash course.
In conclusion, I want to say that any point is worth discussing, but I sincerely recon that watching sports might bring you some benefits, if you watch it wisely and carefully.