It is believed that watching sports on TV or attending live sports events as a pastime does not bring about any benefits. This essay disagrees with the statement that people just waste their own time on these pointless activities. Firstly, it will suggest that this pastime contributes to development of people regardless of their age and secondly will presume that watching sports is a great opportunity to become multinational.
It is vital to encourage people of all ages to watch sports programmes or attend the stadiums to see these activities alive so that they can broaden their mind in terms of the fact that they will be informed about what is currently going on in the sports industry. They can make up their own attitude towards sportsmen and maybe even they will be eager to become one of these talented and well-known people and take up a kind of sport they are interested in. According to the sports national research of BBC service, people who take part in various sports activities through viewing them as sports fans or doing sports on their own are more intelligent and purposeful than those who are reluctant to dedicate their time to participate no matter what.
Another point needed to consider is that sports events reflect national identity, countries' culture, traditions and worldview. So, demonstrating such major national events as Olympic Games on the global arena is an appropriate practice to bring people together as well as to establish and afterwards maintain mutual understanding and benevolence among different races and nationalities, people with their own unique geographical and social backgrounds. The Olympic Games is a prime example because they undoubtedly promote people being much closer to each other and being proud of their national teams' sports achievements and rewards incorporated into.
To conclude, people all around the globe need to be fully encouraged and pushed to view sports events an competitions, furthermore to take part in several of them. In this case there will be lots of possibilities to develop in various fields, be broad-minded and communicate with others abroad.