Watching sports is a kind of traditions, appeared several hundred years ago. Some people suppose that visiting some sport games or watching them on TV is boring and time-consuming action, while others claim that sport is a crutial part of our life and it is very useful. Personally I agree with the first point of view and I will try to explain why.
To begin, there are some people who take part in the professional kind of sport. For example, my brother is a part of the football team called Dinamo. The football is a priority for him, he would like to link their life with this kind of sports. It is necessary for him to look through some footbal matches, to analyse them and to take some features into accont. Moreover, there are a lot of people who are really interested in sport. For instance, my father is keen on volleyball. So, visiting some volleyball competitions makes him happy and helps him get rid of daily stress.
On the other hand, there are a lot of more useful and amazing ways to spend your free time. Firtly, there are a lot of different hobbies which people can try on weekends or after work day. For instance, if I had more time and opportunities, I would prefer to go on cooking classes, because this skills are needed and essential for everyone. Secondly, it would be better if people did some physical activitis instead of watching them on videos. It gives a lot of benefits to health, reduces the risk of different illnesses and helps be in a good shape. While seating in front of the TV is useless for our health. In addition, the sporty programms do not very educational. There ar a lot of alternative programms which provide the opportunity to acquire new knoledges and develop your brain. For example, there are a lot of programms about science, animals or history.
In conclusion, it should be underlined that some people consider that watching sports events is a very useful and fascinating, but I disagree and beileve that it is a waste of time and there are more interesting ways to spend free time.