Nowadays, when sports entertaiments are very popular, some people still think that watching sport on TV or live is a waste of time. I strongly believe that these people are very wrong.
First of all, sport is the oldest type of entertaiment, just like drama, music or poetry. Human history illustrates that physical activities were very popular for viewers in more than two thousands years period. Ancient Greeks invented the Olympic games, and nowadays it is a worldwide event. So, modern sport industry is much more bigger entertaiment sphere than old one, and it is great way to spend time and relax, or to hang out with friends or stay home with family. Watching sport on TV or live is just a way to relax and spend some good time, this is the sense of wathcing sport. Every entertaiment people can name a "waste of time", but everyone needs hobby or time to relax. Watching sports is a great hobby with long history, which is kind of educatuonally too, because the history of sport is a part of humans history.
Secondly, nowadays we have a lot of variety of sports, and every sport fan has his own favorite sport. The interest in any type of sport can motivate viewers to do this activities by themselfs. I have a friend, who loves watch basketball from the early age. He is a big fan of NBA and enjoys every match of the Lackers. At age of 14 he diceided to try to play basketball with his classmates, and he was great at this game from the first time he took the ball in hands. He started to train a lot with our shool basketball team, and today he is playing professionaly in one of the biggest Russian teams. So, he is a great example how just watching sport can motivate a person to make a dream come true. Moreover, watching sports can motivate not only to dream about professional career in sport, it can motivate somebody just to do some activities for their own health.
In conclusion, I can not agree with people, who say that watching sports is a useless waste of time. I strongly believe that watching sports even on TV, or even in the Enthernet is a very good entertaiment with greaat history, and it can motivate people to be better and healthier. 