There are people who believe that visiting sports events or watching their broadcasts is useless. However, others disagree and claim that there are many benefits in enjoying sports games from the stands, and I am of the same opinion.
On the one hand, many says that the habit of doing sports yourself is much more important and beceficial for a person that watching other people do it. For instace, while playing football, swimming or skiing are really good for one's heath watching others playing and moving is simply useless for you, some argue. Moreover, the habit of watching sports games like football or bascketball, causes people to spend more evening in front of the TV, usually with a pack of chips and couple cans of beer.
Studies show that active lifestyle, fitness routine and balanced diet are key to maintaining health, especially for middle-aged people and older.
At the same time, is one of the sports fan not in the sense of doing them, but rather watching them, such a habit encourages such people for more unhealhy activities and wasting time in front of the TV or in the stadium with a hot dog. In addition, some people also note that while the main reason for watching sports is the love for the game and the interest who will win. Is it not secret that betting on sports is a unfaire business that many people fall victims of. Many would say that you can get more emotion and get into trouble if you were doing something making more sense than watching a game you are not a part of.
However, I disagree with the opinion discoussed above, and here is why. To begin with, I believe that watching sports is a great source of intertainment. From my point of view intertainment cannot be considered a waste of time, as everyone has to find interest in someting from time to time. Studies show that people who find time for their hobbies and let themselves their properly rest are overall more productive and creative than those who do not. In these sence, watching sports can be very helpful, especially for children and young people, who might become interested in some sport and take it up.
Lastly, I think that watcing sports is one of those fun activities that can bring people together. Friends or family, any age or size of physical shape can gather together and enjoy the game.