Watching sport events was an important kind of entertainment since antiquity. It is known that in Greece and Rome they were the main events for every citizen. However, some people consider that watching them is a waste of time in both variants - either on TV or at live sports events. In my opinion this is absolutelly false and I totally disagree with this statement. Here are my arguments to prove my position.
The first point I would like to consider is that watching sport events encourage you to do sport. People watch the athletic figures and want to be simmilair to them. It gives you a desire to be feet and to be samely freaky about sport as the competitors. After watching the event no matter on TV or at the stadium you are positivelly jealous with this unstoppable energy of sportsmen and this encourages you to start next morning with running, jogging, playing tennis or doing everythyng else.
Moreover, watching sport events helps you to socialize. You can spend time in front of TV with your familiy and want to win the same group or club. It can be a common interest between membrs of the family and kind of tradition to watch football match on Fridays, for example. I remember those days when we were watching skiing with my grandfather who was a professional skier and he knew all the sportsmen there. He was telling me breathtaking stories from his career and it made us closer to each other, it was our small tradition and we had never missed it.
Futhermore, watching sport is always very emotial and it can helps you to get away from daily routine or forget about problems for some time. It is very significant to have this small time during the working week to spend some time for getting new emotions. Overall, It does not matter positive or negative. Even if your favourite team lose the game you will spend time in pure emotions which is always good for brain and health.
To sup up, I would like to say that it is a personal choice of everyone whether to watch sport events on TV and visit live competitions or not, but I strongly believe that sport plays an important role in life of everyone and watching sport events could help be closer sport and then to the helthier and happier life.