Some people say that watching sport's shows is a loosing of important lifetime, but I disagree with this point. In my opinion sport is very important for all people on the Earth and it has large number of profits and benefits. It can be seen in arguments throw different science and on examples and history in life. It is very popular idea that Olypmic game which went from Ancient Greek culture, were the center of peace, beauty and harmony. In this time all wars and misunderstanding were finished, all evil events were closed and forgotten for a time in which Game were. For example, from this time sport is a symbol of a power of kind around the world. We also can say that sport is a starting point of European culture world, not only because of game as a social institute, it illustrate how difficult and complex our human society is, in the past time all liders of political government unit in aim to congratulate beauty of human body and physical and psyhological power. And as we seen today this great tradiyion stay so proud.
As says in antropology, human agression in culture is a big problem because it can be unruled and chaotic, but when this energy stay in one concrete sphere of life it shows harmony for all people, it became a social institute. And this not chaotic institute is a sport tradition, when fighting and courage demonstrate in kind competition, not on the field of blood war and kills. For this reason when human watch sport's show it illustrates how useful control of agression is.
The great argument is that sports event can inspire artistic persons, genius of art. For instance, as we seen interest in the beauty of sportsman body exist in Ancient Greek, but it prolongate throw this time to nowadays. A great dance and show were in Rio-de-Janeiro Olympic games, it was a real masterpiece of humans movements, brights colors and big talent and work.
To sum up, watching sports contain many points of profit as a demonstration of peace as a Greek tradition, behavior control of agression throe all biologycal creatures, also when we see sports programms we feel more beauty, talanted and aesthetic.