Nowadays sport and sport games are an important part of a lot of people's life and watching sports has become one of the common leisure activities and many people spend hours sitting in front of a television. Sport can make people more active anf healthier. However, some people argue. According to some people, spending free time by watching a particular sport is just killing precious time. However, I disagree with this statement as in my opinion it is a useful activity which has a lot of benefit.
To begin with, by watching sports in leisure time, one can learn several things such as cooperation and team spirit. Moreover, the biggest benefit of watching sport is that it encourages the viewer to try their skills at those games. Watching sport can improve people's fitness as people have tend to try this, for example, on the playground near home. During such sessions, some children also discover thier hidden talents. Of course, if you just watch a game and does not play, you will not achieve success. For example, I have the best friend, who has watched TV-spot programm, especially football, since he was a kid, after that, he took ball, several guys from yard and went to the sports field. He combined TV watching and real training sessions.
Another benefit of watching sport is that it provides entertainment and relaxation. Most of use us lead extremely stressful lives these days and sport can helps beat stress. There is one more reason to watch sport. Also, as far as I know, people who do not do sport but always interested in it can understand better different moment. For example, my father all his life watch different sport on TV, he visit matches, and if you talk with him, you can ensure that he is a real proffesional, however he do not play football or something else. He always open his mind.
To conclude, watching sport during one's free time is not a waste of time. I believe that this will have a positive impact on people's body, skills, mind etc. You can combine watching sport and real games sessions and it wiil be double benefit.