Some people believe that watching sport's TV programms are the way of wasting their lifes. But there is also another point of view - people do love sport's games, especially football and basketball and watching the game of your favourite team on TV is the only way to chill and feel youself the part of a big fans family. In the following sentences i will elaborate on the both sides of this phenomenon and attempt to present my opinion.
To start with, i will discuss the opinion of audience who think that watching sport on TV is a dumping way of spending time. Firstly, the usual football match take a 90 minutes of our life without an adding period. This is too much for our busy society now. People believe they would like to spend the main valuable resourse 'time' in a useful way - reading a book, making some gym or just relaxing and sleeping on the warm comfortable bed. Another key aspect in this case is that some people hates sport in any types - does not matter if it can be seen on TV or on live at the stadium.
Nonetheless one should also keep in mind that there are a huges fans of sport who realize that their hobby is not really important for selfbuilding or future career but it is a way of relaxing after busy rainy week. To my experience, particulary everyone love sports - it can be not always football or basketball, different people prefer different kinds of games. Someone are interested in chess, anothers - in hochey or cricket. You can relax watching it, forget about problems and negative thoughts (actually if your favourite team won the game), that is the only reason why i love watching games of Real Madrid on TV. Another fact is that it is possible to earn money on bets if you are really good in analytics. Last year i won 1000$ on betting during the Champios League.
Taking into consideration the above-mentioned points i would recognize that watching sports on TV is not the way of wasting time because it seems to be the way of relaxing and chilling after hard day or busy work and also a reasonable way of earning easy money.