There are some contrast opinions among different groups of people on the topic of watching sports. While some may consider observing sport activities as a choice of self-entertainment, others doubt the use and benefits of such kind of time occupation. Personally, I strongly disagree with the latter thought comparing watching sports with a waste of time. To support my direction I will hold a few arguments further.
Due to a wide variety of enterteinment suggestions on TV there is enough space to find one's preferrable content to consume daily. This content corresponds to the context where a certain person builds his social interactions and so on. Thus watching sport events might not only be a form of pleasure to a viewer but help find mutual interests or discussion topics among his close surrounding. For instance, there is a school boy attending a local football section. As for his interest in wathing sports in his spare time, it provides him with a possibility of remaining relevant with his peers. Besides, being informed in a current sport agenda allows the football team members find the points of social connection when boys may discuss opinions they are commonly aware of.
One of the strongest reasons supporting watching sports is the impact which worldwide sport events have on our cultural appropriation. What is assumed by that is a widely spreaded habit of engaging into sport events tends to form multi-channel marketing and PR interactions of companies and brends with multi-cultural viewers. What is more, such big events as FIFA World Cup Finale in 2018 may not only motivate media creators to produce ways of engaging people in common activities but let quite distinguished ethnical and social groups of people gather together in order to watch live matches and get into each others' culture. Indeed, Russia had a great opportunity to open its doors to foreigners from all over the world in 2018 during the World Cup.
To sum up, although watching sports is not for everyone's taste this process might give one instruments of finding new friends and possibility to be introduced to different cultures and traditions united by the mutual love of sport activities.