Nowadays, sport is important part of our daily life. It play a significant role in our health and can be on of the popularest way to spare a free time. However, some people prefer to watch sport, rather than do it. I completely disagree with them and suppose, that it is a waste of time. In this essay I will state point for my view.
First of all, watching sports on TV will not help to improve your health, moreover, it will become worse. When people sitting and wathcing TV, they remain steady in one position, which is usually not good for their back. Few hours in one posiiton can harm human's back and if this continue for weeks or months it can be crusial for health. In addition, people prefer to eat something, especially junk food, when watching sports programms, and even drink beer. All of that sitting way of life and eating harmful food are vital for people health, espesially for ones, who already had problems.
The second reason to avoid that style of life is that instead of watching TV a person can go for a walk or do real sport themself. Commonly known, that if a person start to watch something, it will be hard to back in the reality. For some families it became a real problem, when the father all evenings watching TV instead of communicating with his wife and children and only on pressure he agree to go for a walk with his son or daughter.
Thirdly, people, who often watch the same TV programms and became fan of some sport or particular team turn out to aggresive to another people. For example, in bar when people all together watching match between two tems and finally one of them lose, fans of this team can start a fight because of this. So, if there will be a lot of men then they all will get hurt and still will be not satisfied with te result.
To conclude, I suppose, that wathcing sport on TV not onle waste of time, but it is harmful for life. That is because people harm themselves, when watching on the one position for a long time, not do real sport and avoid their relatives an, finally, hurt each other for their favourite sport team.