Nowadays the popularity of sports is growing; more and more people are interested in it and do different types of sports. However, the percentage of people who only watch TV programmes dedicated to sport and attend live sports events soars as well and many people are really sceptical about it. I am pretty sure that it has its own advantages and they obviously overweight the disadvantages.
To begin with, such activity as watching sports bring pleasure to people. When a tired person comes home from work he or she only wants to take a rest and do what they really desire. By doing it, they improve their mood which is good for the overall health condition. The benefits are even more notable for live sports events. A person feels the atmosphere, meets new people and experiences new emotions. For example, the FIFA World Cup that took place in Russia in 2018 made a lot of people happier, kinder, more outgoing and willing to help.
Moreover, watching live sports events or TV programmes about sports encourage people to do sports in real life. When a person watches a game they sometimes feel the need to try it themselves. The statisctics show that after every worldwide event dedicated to any type of sport, the amount of people willing to try it dramatically rises. Especially, it is common among children who have plenty of time to try something new.
Nevertheless, many people think that it is a waste of time and money. It is easy to understand because many people who admire watching sports after work spend hours lying on the couch and doing nothing. Speaking of live events, they most of the time cost a fortune. Especially, the worldwide ones and some people are sure that the emotions don't worth the price. Therefore, that is necessary to pay attention to not only the disadvantages of it but to advantages as well.
To sum up, it is clear that watching sports is not as useful as actually doing them but it also makes people happy and in some cases it drives them to start doing sports in real life. So, it cannot be a waste of time. However, people should never forget that it is important to draw a line and never spend too much time on leasure activities.