In our modern time of using computers and sitting at work all day long, sport is considered to be one of the main sources of receiving energy and fun time. A lot of people are doing or watching sport to relax after a long day or have some entertaining time. There is a statement, that watching sports on TV or in the live action is a wrong way of spending time. Even though, I do not like watching sports, I can not agree with this idea.
Sport events and TV shows are giving people some entertainment activity. In our times, people are tired of their everyday lives and having too much information in their brains, that is why, the first thing to appear in their minds, is to watch something, that will not give important information, just to have fun. Moreover, the production of serotonin, while watching sports growth fast, which help people not to have a deprseeion and die of overtime working. So, if it was a waste of time without any benefit to people's lives, they would have never watched sports, especially in the times, when the life goes fast and people do not have much of free time. The same comes to the understanding of watching sports as an advertising. While watching how people are acting while they play and all the popularity of sport, people begin doing sport themselves. It increases the percentage of healthy way of living and improving the situation of people having deseases due to their office lives. For example, people, working at office, have almost all their life in front of a screen, it is a familiar way of living for them, that is why they can watch TV or sport events and think, that they can keep fit or improve their bodies doing the same sport, they watch trough the screen.
Of course, there are people, who agree with the statement, because sitting in chair and watching sport gives no benefit to people, as they think. They have an idea, that while sitting in the chair and just staring at a game is not the right way of having sport in one's life. There is a need in moving and instead of having eyes at a game, it is better to do sport. People loosing their precious time on watching, not doing, that is why others say that it is not worth it.
To sum everything up, it can be said, that sport is still an important way of spending time to people, but they can choose between doing or watching it now. That is why, if people have their time off to relax they can watch someting not that tiring, but giving the better way of relaxing their minds.