It is argued by some that watching sports is a waste of time. I completely agree with this opinion and in this essay I will give reasons and examples to support my point of view.
The most compelling reason for holding to my view is that watching sports only entertain people, it has not got any benefits for health. Moreover, it can lead to various of health problems. For instance, spending too much time sitting in front of TV or at live sports event can lead to digestive problems. Moreover, it is a well-known scientific fact that monitors cause eye related problems, as well as damage of a brain function due to the lack of melatonin development if a person watches TV at night. This can result in insomnia, while sleeping plays the major role in overall human body functioning. It is better to spend this time educating and taking care of your health, participating in real sports activities rather than passively watch other play.
Another reason for my position is that rather than spend time with family, people decide to watch sports events that are usually very long in duration. Therefore, it leads to communication problems and conflicts between family members. For example, there is a small window of time given to parents after work to spend time with their children. If a child is not given enough attention, he or she will have mental issues which will result in a bad behaviour and lack of bond between a parent and a child. In addition, parents can argue between each other if one is not interested in sports and wants to watch something different on TV or wants to go to another event at the same time. Lastly, there is a danger that the tention between people who root for different teams will escalate to a fight. For instance, different football fanclubs may turn on each other which can result in hateful comments and even danger for one's life. The time spent on watching sports could be used to find new friends and help other people.
In conclusion, I totally agree with the opinion that watching sports on TV or at live events is a waste of time. This is because it leads to health problems and communication issues between people. Given this situation, it is recomended to spend this time to taking care of yourself and building positive relationships with others.