Nowadays, with the use of modern technology, people can watch all sorts of sports not only from stadiums, but also on TV. However, some people believe, that there is no point in wathcing sport activities at all, either throught the TV screen or during actual events. Personally, I cannot agree with sthis statement. In this essay, in order to state my own opinion, the arguments for the both cases will be provided.
On the one hand, it is better and more interesting to participate personally in a sport event, rather than watching it from aside. First of all, people gain direct benefit from this, because they move a lot, increasing their health rate by strengthening their muscles. Second of all, playing sports can be very enjoyable and can unite people together, as they play along in one team and share the same goal. For example, playing football will make person fit and also the members of the team will spend a lot of time together, practicing and participating in a mathces, which will make them closer to each other and sometimes they can even become friends. Those sorts of things cannot be done just from sitting and watching how othres play football.
However, on the other hand, watching sports can be surprisingly enjoyable and beneficial. Some people with the help of an amazing viewpoint, can experience it as if they themselves participate in the game process. Moreover, after a long day at work, some might find it as a way to reduce stress level, as they do not have energy for playing sports themselves. For example, when person is too tired after being busy all day, he or she just might want to rest and watch something.
Personally, I disagree that watching sports is a waste of time. It can be at the same time relaxing and interesting. There are a lot of people, who cannot play sports for some reasons and therefore, watching others doing it will give them the sense of satisfaction. In addition to that, watching sports can unite people as well, as they also share the same interests and prefences while watching a certain team winning the game.
In conclusion, I would like to say, that all people are different. Some do not see the point in watching sports from aside, be it thought the TV screen or during some sports matches and events. Others believe it can be very beneficial to do so. As for me, I believe that sometimes it is not essential for people to actually participate in a sport activity, as watching it as a viewer can have a lot of advatages as well. It is just completely different.