There is nowadays a popular and widely discussed opinion that sportive spectacles are not worth allocating your limited time resource. This essay will argue why watching sports is useful and efficient despite some arguments against that.
Sports have always served a function of cooperation and cohesion, to help people make stronger bonds and survive. For example, cave men united in teams and a mutual spirit of support and ambition helped them to get rid of other competitors and expropriate their food storages. Another important function of sport events is stress and emotional relief. As when people come on football or hockey tournaments and loudly shout to support their teams, they get rid of negative feelings and improve their mental well-being. This often results in a healthier and more efficiently operating community.
Despite the above mentioned benefits of sport spectacles for the society that many other people do not take into account, there is a well-defined position that serving as a sport event's spectator is a waste of time. This opinion is primarily argumented by an apparently more advantageous encouragement to participate in active time-passings rather than act a lazy and fatting spectator. For example, a group of middle aged men that on a usual basis watches TV tournaments with junk chips and beer would better take part in a football match and improve its collective physical well-being. Moreover, sport events that attract a lot of fans and audiences are financed by taxes or other donations and occupy huge amounts of money that may otherwise go to charities or other socially important institutions, like medicine or scientific research. Overall, the idea that watching sports is a waste of time is ill-formed and does not provide any significant arguments in its support.
This essay argued that sport events serve crucial roles of social cohesion and emotional relief that outweigh by far minor drawbacks, such as large financial expenses and demotivation to participate in sports yourself. Sportive spectacles to a large extent are a socially beneficial public activity.