While some people claim that watching sports is useless and there are better ways to spend your spare time, others believe that this activity is inspiring and pleasant one. I do not find watching sports exhilarating, so I agree with the statement which claims watching sports not worth our time. First of all, I believe there are plenty of other opportunities to spend your time usefully. Reading a book, watching movie or drawing a painting helps to evoke our creativity and to develop one's skills, therefore, it has a definite result. However, watching sports is simply like surfing the Internet or watching the TV show. It is time-killing, but you achieve nothing except adrenaline and emotions, which would not last so long, in comparison with knowledge you recieve from books and other educational activities.
Moreover, I suggest that watching sports is extremely time- and effort-consuming, You have to be involved in the process during the whole game, because if you miss something, you will loose the logic of the play. Thus, you are obligated to pay close attention to what is going, what could be so stressful and exhausting. Thus, watching sports consumes not only our time, but also emotions and force. After such activity person feels really tired and can not continue on his daily routine. Nevertheless, many people claim that watching sports is a tremendous way of spending your day. in their opinion, sport games allow us to observe the beauty of human's bodies and tactics, they find it captivating and impressive. Unfortunately, I can not agree with them, because there are so many other ways to cherish beauty and feel excited except watching sports. Ballet, cinema and other arts give us more aesthetical and intellectual pleasure than such simple activities as sports, which we have to spectate, while we could have just played it all by ourselves.
To conclude, I strongly agree with the opinion that watching sports is not worth our free time and is just an unreasonable consumption of time.