There are a lot of argues about sports, about its violence, injuries and about usefullness or uselees watching it. People always try to find some pluses or minuses of sports, but i believe that it depends on our personality, character or our hobbies. As for me, watching sports is a really pleasure and sometimes even useful type of spending my time, exactly leisure time. Firstly, sports events can help to meet new people, who maybe even will become your future friends, because it can join us, we watch matches together, support and respect our favourite teams, we find people who have interests as we have and then we combine in fanclubs. Its is very important and useful for our socialization. Secondly, in great sportsmen we can find an example, we can follow their habits, try to repeat their phrases and just motivate of ourselves of their lives. Moreover, it gives us hope that we can also become famous and give the example to youth. It makes us do more and change our lives and circumstances in which we exist now. Finally, watching sports is, of course, a type of recreation, it helps us to relax and refresh our minds, our thoughts.
On the other hand, somebody can say that permanent watching sports in any types as on TV as live events can lead to lose your self-confidence, because you always campare yourself with famous sportsmen, follow them but not develope your life, and this person is also absolutely right. Blind following is a bad way without any benefits of it, but a lot of people are under this and just watch, not to do something. Furtermore, there are many different kinds of sports and else many sports events which are shown on TV or in reality every day, and when person is a big fan of sports, he/she tries to see everything but it is almost always unreal, or it is necessary to have a lot of time to watch all events and competitions and very often we spend our time on sports, on TV except our family or friends.
In conclusion, I want to say that I love do sports and even more than do I love watching it, and I am convinced that if you understand when is enough, watching sports is never be a problem for you.