People believe that watching sports games on TV or in real life is a waste of time. I do not agree with this statement. I believe that watching sports games can be people's hobby and there is no big deal with this. Also people can inspire with programme and start doing sports on their own.
Firstly, watching sports programmes is a way of spending free time for many people in my country. The most preferable ones are football and hockey. Watching such programmes might help people to low the amount of negative emotions they have, because often sports can be really fascinating and exciting. People reduce their high emotional tense by shouting, applauding and even kicking something. After that they feel more calm and relaxed. Also it can be the way how family spend their time together. For example, father can take his children to the football stadium to watch the sports game and spend a weekend, trying to rise kids' interest to this sport. Furthermore, he might hope that children will like football and ask parents to take them to the football training.
Secondly, watching sports (especially live events) can encourage people to do sport activities by themselves. They can inspire kids to choose the sport they might enjoy watching on TV. Someone could look at athletes or football players and decide that he want to have such physical form too. Or he likes the way how the sportsmen play and really wants to try it himself. Moreover, for some children watching sports events with their parents inspire them to try some sports too. For instance, famous hockey player Aleksander Ovechkin told in his interview that he would never thought he would play hockey before he came to the stadium with his father to watch hockey. He said that the dynamic of the game and the way how players move encouraged him to go to the training centre, where he started to play hockey.
All in all, some people could think that watching sports is a waste of time but I believe that it is not true. It could be a hobby for a person or for his whole family or it can inspire someone to try sport by himself.