It is argued that watching sports on different platforms is not a valuable way to spend free time. This essay agrees that spend hours watching sports adversely affecting the productivtity, ability to improve yourself. Firstly, people spend their time doing unuseful things rather than paying attention to self- improvent. Secondly, different kind of sport is a business that sustain the developmet of sport industries, people are suffering from their sport mania. Even more, instead of wasting money on sports it will be better to sustain our environment investing in different oranisations.
More and more people around the world waste hours daily on sports, forgetting about their personal growth, ability to improve their lives and become better. It is an era of education and desire to discover new things. It cannot be proved that in near future sport industry will exist. There are a huge amount of sports fans that spend their time watching football lying on sofa rather than read books and try to acquire new knowledge. Sport is just an entertainment that could not be involved in our day-to-day life. Amercans statistics shows that approximately seventy percent of citizens spending their time watching sports on TV or live sport events. This have an influence on citizens litteracy, because of the huge amount of illiteracy of population. Most of americans became demotivated due to their sport passion.
Sport events and TV programmes related to sport are a way to invest money. People spend millions of money on sports, stop considering other industries that can make our lives better such as organisations that could protect our planet from such a huge issues as climate change or ozone layer depltion. Most of the sports fans are addicted to sport and can even imagine their lives without it. It affects the well-beimg of fans, theirs physical and mental health. According to the numerous statistics more more sports fans are suffering from obesity during watching TV.
In conclusion, watching sports is not only a dagradation and sufficient waste of time, but also a way how people waste their money on the development of unuseful culture. 