Sport is an indespensible part of life. Our ancestors trained to succeed in hunting, while the modern athlets accompish the same task to pursue their dreams of becoming champions or rising their self esteem. Since the purpose is stated quite explicitly, many people consider watching sport competitions to be useless as without active participation these gaols cannot be achieved. Although there is some sense in the statement, I stongly disagree with it.
First of all, watching sport events is beneficial for our mental strength. The way other people make their dreams come true, the way they overcome oneselves increases our will to work more on the way to a dream. Sport demonstrates that there is nothing one cannot achieve provided train hard. Since an example of the chaimpions is memorized after a show, one constantly has a role model of how to progress on the achievement of one's goal. Secondly, watching sport events greatly improves our mood. The fever of the crowd passes on to the viewers, pushing them to support their teams as hard as they can. These emotions erases all the bad and bitter things that occured to one during the recent period, thus leaving only good feelings to start the new day.
On the other hand, the majority of sport events do not provide an opportunity for participation in a championship or another major event. The only solution to get the same experience is either to immitate the competion yet be felt with the fraudulent feelings or watch the competition but be deprived of time that could be dedicated to a dream realization.
Still, I believe that the abovementioned is not a concern of a true enthusiast. People that are deeply involved can get satisfaction even from watching as they identificate themselves with the athlets. In this scenario, the nature of the viewers' emotions cannot be questioned, they are as real as those of the participants.
To conclude, I suggest that watching sport events be it at home or at the playing field is a beneficial entertainment as it provieds with mental strength and vivid emotions.