It is often argued that spending time by watching different kind of sports is unnecessary and that there are a lot another ways to spend someones time. I completely disagree with this statement and think that staying home or going out to watch one's favorite game or sport can be useful First of all, i believe that watching different kinds of sports can help someone to find himself (his interest). In other words it means that person that enjoys watching football, can start playing football, too and find a new hobby, which can help him to stay in fit, for example. For example, i started playing big tennis when i was 10 and my father invited me to watch the tennis competitions. I was really impressed with the girls play, with their sport outfit and the way they played that i asked my dad to find me a good tennis trainer, and since then i have been playing tennis for 10 years and it is my main resource to keep fit and spend my free time in a useful way Thats why i can be sure that through watching different sport and then trying them one can find his favorites.
Secondly, i think that watching the game of others or visiting live sport events can help this players to win and feel ourselves like a support band. Even if someone is watching a sport at home he can call himself as support cause he believes in his team, he wants them to win and he is proud of them Moreover, when one is believing in his team he becomes a good resource of new emotions which are good for our health (especially when one's team wins). For instance, my brother visits each play of "Zenit" whenever they win or lost. He supports them during all game and believes that it can help them. Even if they lose he comes home with phrase that they played good, they tryed and it was interesting to watch it. Each game raises his mood and he talks a lot about his feelings and emotions. So as it is clearly seen live sports can be a good source for new emotions and themes for discussion.
To sum up, i would love to notice that live sports are not a waste a time due to the facts that it can help someone to unleash his potential and become a new resource for different emotions and topics to discuss