Nowadays some category of people believe that watching sports using TV, or being at live events is just a waste of time. However, as for me, I am not one of these people.
To answer this question we have to ask another ones. I mean, we have to find out what actually is watching sport events? I consider that watching sport is your recreational activity, your hobby, or even a passion. Can you hobby or passion be a waste of time? I don't think so. Let me agrue that.
First of all, a recreation and hobbies are so crucial nowadys becouse of our temp of life. I mean, it is almost imposible to survive if the only thing you do is a buisnes, work, or family. Every single human being have to spend time and money for his own needs, despites he can go crasy or even suicide. I used to have a friend during my school days called Nikita. He used to be a funny, happy guy until 11 class. After he decided that he are no longer a kid but a mature person. He did his best to pass the graduation exams and didn't rest at all. He didn't mess around with me or others, he finished practicing tennis, and also he ended all his hobbies. By the way, he used to watch sport channels so often. It is very sad to say, but he didn't get a good score for exams and jumped from the roof.
Another problem is that many can think that wathing sports is not a good hobbie, they that you better find another one. Of coursre, every opinion is important but according to democracy rules of nodern society, every single person is able to choose hobby whatever he or she wants, while it is not outlaw. Term hobby is not mentioned to be profitable ot usefull. I believe that hobbies are usefull a priory. For example, ones like to collect butterflies, orhers prefer to do sport, and someones like to watch sports events. It is not others buisness what person like, but his own. It must be pleasurable for actor and this is it.
I strongly believe that everybody are able to choose how the actually want to spend their time, and no way this time be wasted.