Sports play a huge role in modern culture. Our world is full of sport events, sport superstars and sport fans. Many people do sports, but much more watch it. Someone can say that the second option is a waste of time. However, I cannot agree with this point.
According to this point of view, watching sports consumes time which might be spent in doing sports. Thus, it will improve people's health and make them more happy. The idea is clear: "People need to play football rather than watch how others play". Another argument is that watching any sports is useless action. It is better to visit a film or an opera, than to spend equal amount of money on football game's ticket. This position is more radical, but it also take a place.
I cannot agree with both of these arguments. First of all, watching sports is a great opportunity for disabled people to feel an atmosphere of a game, if they are not able to play. Stadium or TV can provide them a unique feeling of a victory and a cooperation. This is true not only for them, but in their case these feelings are more priceless. Secondly, sports events does not have any analogue in terms of other kinds of entertainment. People does not feel the same when they are watch a movie about superheroes or sitting in theater and watching an opera. However, I do not say that it is necessary for everyone to visit only sports events and not any other. I just say that every person has his/her own preferences and no one can judge them. Finally, watching sports can lead to a doing sports. It is not a rare case, when someone visits a game or sees it on TV and starts to search more about this kind of sports. In result, it often leads to a new hobby of a person.
Summing up, I want to say that difference in watching sports or doing sports is not matter if a person is passionate about it. This passion can lead him/her to new openings and meetings, that is why no one can judge his/her choice. Whether this person is able to do a sport or not, it is important to remember that he/she better knows what is a waste of time and what is not. Personally, I think that watching sports is great spent of time. It might be a start of something new or an old source of energy for a person. Thus, I do not think that it is a waste of time. Moreover, it is a good investment of time.