All over the world there are some people, who maintain that you waist your time watching Sport TV programs or going to the competitions and sport events. I completely disagree with this opinion and in this essay will state the reasons for my point of view.
The compelling reason for holding mi view is that watching sports entertain you. This is because you usually do it as a hobby and choose what sport to watch yourself, so you might like it. For example, if young girl prefer to watch ice skating, she will do it when she is free from her everyday routine just because she adore this mean of sport. As a result she probably will forget about her daily problems, for a while, and relax during going to the skate or watching TV.
Another reason for my position is that people earn some new information and facts when they watch sports. The reason for this is that every sport activity has own rules and history. If a person becomes a real fan, he or she tries to find out as much knowledge about the sport he or she adore as it is possible. Moreover, in some countries, for example in Russia, sport plays huge role in the history. That is why, learning the sport people can learn the history of their country too.
Last, but not the list, point for holding my view is that watching sports helps people to communicate with each other. The reason for this is that favourite sport becomes a topic people can communicate about, when they first meet each other. For instance, if in one company, that does not know each other well, are two people who are football fans they can have a dialog about their common topic- football. In the result, those two people can become true friends.
In conclusion, I totally disagree with the opinion that watching sports is a waste of time for several reasons. Firstly, you can watch sports to entertain yourself. Secondly, it is perfect possibility to earn some new knowledge. Lastly, it is a good reason for communication with other people. However, you must control how much time you spend watching sport activities on television or in real life. 