Sport has always been not only a mean of keeping yourself fit and being active, it is also an entertainment that attracts a lot of people, who watch different sport events on television or visit them themselves. However there is a belief that such time spending is useless. I do not agree with such statement.
There are a lot of people who are keen on sport but can not take part in such activities for various reasons, like health or lack of facilities in the area. For such people, it is the only way of feeling the same excitement as if they were playing or participating in some game themselves. They also can transfer their intrest in a slightly different area of involvement. Spectators are very likely to gain intrest in learning different moves, some techniques and at some point this can become their proffesional interest. There is a fact which shows that most of successful referees and commentators were huge fans of sport, so the opportunity to watch sport can become something professional and even provide an income.
It is undoubtable that an enourmous amount of people watch sport, and keeping up with majority's interest can help people to sociolize and feel not excluded from the group. Such sense of belonging is vital for human beings and it is evident that creating communities, like a sporting one, can provide this. For example, everybody knows various football clubs exist, and their members are united by the same ideas and the same interest and most of their free time is spended together, usually by watching matches on TV in pubs or community house if there is one. People enter these club because of the welcoming atmosphere there and acception by co-members, and developing mutual affection for sport will only strengthens thier bonds and minimise the feeling of lonelyness.
In conclusion, I stick to the opinion that watching sports is an interesting and somehow profitable time spending for it can become a true hobby or an area of professional interest, alongside with providing a membership to a group of people with same passions.