It is conciderable by some people that watching sports events is not a rational way to spend free time of anyone. However, I believe that visiting some sport's events in real-life or just use for that TV is the way for someone to get a rest, I agree that it is a waste of time. Firstly, all matches and competitions take more than 1,5-2 hours to go to the end. During this time anyone can do more useful things, for instance, read a book, go to sleep, go to walk or cooking a tasty dish. Secondly, many people who watched sports become agressive when their team or favourite player looses, so it is bad for their nerve system and health. Exactly, because I mention health, it is noticable to say, that it is more benefitial to person go to do some exersises by himself/herself or just to go in the yard and plat their in the football or in basketball, etc. Moreover, because I also find watching serials like a waste of time sport for me looks like same thing.
On the other hand, watching sports can motivate people to take a part in such activity and go to the section maybe of their favourite type of sport. For example, this always happen with child of their parents: if father likes hockey, he can send his child on such section or child by himself/herself see a football match or gymnastic competition on TV and desided to be like these cool people. Consequently, despite the fact that during watching sports people become nerveous it is good non-agressive and safe way to get free the emotions (that is why more men like sports than women, they are not crying and hide all their emotions inside in the soul). If we are talking about visiting real-life matches and competitions it can be a variant to spent time with friends or with family.
In conclude, although watching sports can bring some benefits for persons' psychological and emotional consistens and help to get away some agressive, it is still for me a waste of time, because there are more ways how top spend time for the rest in more beneficial way for our body, soul, as for brains. People who like watching sports should make this process more useful for them, just go to sport after that by theirselves, because eat junk food and drink beer is not a good way to spend time.