Some people claim that watching sports on TV or somewhere else is useless and it does not deserve spending time on it, while other consider this activity as the most fascinating one. As far as I am concerned, watching sports can be entertaining, but mostly it takes your time without any significant impact in return.
On the one hand, while supporting your favourite team during a match, you can do this together with your friends or even unknown people which definitely will help with socialization. Also, it can be hardly described how much emotions you get when a team you support wins. In addition to advantages of this activity, as certain people state, the knowledge about rules of any kind of sports can be got by just watching it. This also might help a person to hold a conversation on this topic and get some respect.
On the other hand, all the mentioned points are quite considerable comparing to the negative effects you can get because of watching sports. Concerning the statement about emotions, the other side of a coin is that these emotions may lead to emotional deprivation in the end, because it resembles a drug, considering its power. You will need a further victories of your team in order to catch these breath-taking feelings once more. Needless to say a number of fights caused by results of a match between fans in sport clubs or bars. Also, it can be noticed that watching sports is indeed a waste of time due to the indeniable fact that you get nothing in terms of physical activity. Speaking about theoretical knowledge, in fact, id does not affect significantly on communication with other people. Moreover, you may argue on the topic of sports rules and this also can lead to fight. Actually, there are a lot of arguments against watching sports. For instance, it is no secret that many wives or even husbands hate when their partners spend their time on watching sports. The reason is that in this case they spend less free time with their families. So, not only does sports take a lot of your time, it also can harm your relationships with relatives or people you love.
I personally consider that watching sports bring more harm, than good, and that is why I think that the popularity of this kind of entertainment should be reduced over time, however, it does not depend on me or someone else.