It is often argued that people who watch sports just uselessly waste their time. However, i disagree with this point of view and believe that this kind of activity is beneficial for a person's self-development and well-being.
The majority of people state that watching sports or visiting sports events is an effective activity for a person. First of all, people who watch sports expand their circle of acquaintances and find like-minded people. The point is that a person who is into watching sports meets diverse people during live matches or surfes the net in order to find like-minded people and discuss TV-matches. It allows people to become more sociable and improve their state of mind by making friends. For instance, my brother visits live footbal events twice a month in order to find new people who like baseballr. Furthermore, people who believe that watching sports is their cup of tea can augment their strategy skills and even make money. The point is that sports induce the ability of a person to analyze and and think rationally and foresee the result of the game. People like these can make money by betting with the friends. For example, my friend Sasha once told me that he bet for money with his best friend and won a huge amount of money.
However, there are people who claim that you gain nothing useful while watching TV-games or visiting sports events. They truly believe that people who dive into this kind of activity become addicted to it and it has a negative effect on people's state of mind and development. For instance, people who are into watching sports activity can ignore the real life that they have. The point is that after work they can come home and endlessly watch sports games without paying any attention to all that happens around them.
I disagree with this opinion and think that people who are into watching sports have a strong will and can resist the addiction. For instance, my grandfather always stopped watching TV-match when my grandmother wanted him to help her.
To sum up, although there is opinion that watching sports is worthless because a person gets nothing useful out of it and even become addicted, i truly believe that watching sports has a positive influence on people and improve their state of mind and helps to be better version of themselves.