Is watching sports a waste of time. The way we perceive sports has change through time. Starting with Gladiators in ancient Rome, where men were involved in violent activities which most of the times ended up in killings of both human beings and animals. Moving to the middle ages where horse racing and hunting was closer to what we now intend with the term sports. Already in that stage of history dexterity and fitness where an important factor for a successful hunting or riding session, however what was most import was the social relevance of it, being these two activities often associated with royalty. When we approach modern times, we see that the change on the understanding of what sports are is increasingly determined by the aesthetics of the human body involve in sports. The concept of sport has become more and more sophisticated and with its status in society. Nowadays sports play such a big role in shaping our society that one cannot say that it is a complete waste of time as some suggest it is.
Of course, dealing with sports as entertainment can be a controversial aspect. If we consider the huge amount of financial resources involved in the sports industry one cannot help but finding significant reasons to argue against the huge role it now has in how it fills up the time we spent in front of the TV.
No matter how particular or specific is someone's mind about watching sports either live or on TV, we cannot forget that sports has always played and most likely will always play an important role on how we spend our time, it is in fact an important way of releasing stress and feeling involved into something we are directly involved.
My opinion is hence that if sports are a passion and an important aspect of someone's life then is totally ok to spend time watching it, and there is nothing inherently wrong with it. What is most interesting to discuss about is: how the sports industry nowadays covers a substantial portion of what is available in the media leaving very litte room for other kinds of human expression.