The world we live in today is dominated by the media, TV, Internet and other different entertainment tools and events. While some people believe that watching sport matches or games is not a good hobby, the others argue that it is a really good time spending. In this essay I will present this topic from different perspectives and give my personal opinion about it.
To begin with, I believe that watching sports both on TV and in real life is an amazing free-time activity, especially if you are keen on it or are meet with the world of professional sport. The main point is that you give your support to favourite athlete or a team. It shows your empathy and makes you feel relaxed when you translate your good vibes to very athlet even through the TV screen hoping this would help him to win. As a professional sportsman in the past I can say that the positive mood of fans plays a crucial role and motivate to do your best. That is why sportsmen always give thanks to people for having time and coming for games, matches and other sport events.
Moreover, if you are fond of sports and follow all country's and world's events, you have a deep knowledge of sport system in general and some particular kind of sports. I believe that every person must be even a bit educated in as many fields as possible, and the interest in sports give you some development and advantages. Nobody can deny that it is better to devote some time for watching sports (meeting people, gain new knowledge about this field) than just to sleep or watch films or serials, which would be forgotten after a short period of time. Nevertheless, there is an opposite point of view. Some people think that is is useless activity to follow sport matches. They argue that instead of this people can read books of invest time and money that are spended on tickets to self-education and different courses for improvement of soft and hard skills. This point has the right to exist, but I want to highlight that every person need to have enjoyable activity, and watching sports is not a bad one.
To sum up, big sport matches are not only for sportsmen, it is a crucial part of social interaction. I am convinced that it is never a waste of time as for people who are into sport and physical activity as for those who just want to spend free time without special physical and brain activity and give respect for the work of athletes.