Nowadays television helps us to be part of the all main events happening around the world including sport's competitions. There are people who believe that this way to be part sports events and, moreover, live sports events, hasn't value and doesn't safe out time. Personally I think that it is wrong opinion, so I disagree with this statement and it will be discussed in the eassay.
Some people claim that watching sports is'n necessary because of waste of time. They think that person do nothing when watch TV or at live sports events. However, it isn'r right. At first, watching sports helps to be relax and forget about current problems in the life of every person. For example, a lot of men go to the bar especially to watch the match of football or hockey at the company. It allows to express the negative emotions, to forget about tiredness, to laught and sob living fever of emotions with sportsmen.
Another reason that watching sports is'n a waste of time, is opportunity to spend wonderful time together with family, collegues, lovers, friends and others people. This event can be similar to going to thetre or cinema. After events people discuss it, express their opinions and preferences, learn more about sport and sportsmen. For example, watching the Olimpic game once at the every four years unites people to support their sportsmen, country. Such type of leisure makes people more fully and connecting to each other.
Ultimetely, spending time at watching events dedicated to sport is necessary because of it spread our horizons in the world of sport and world generally. There are a lot of types of sport. Man can learn about it throughout TV programmes and live events. Moreover, watching sports inspires ordinary people and children to do exercise and sport themselves.
To summarize, there is opinion that watching sports is a wrong idea. However I have another point of view and discussed it in this essay. I claim that watching sports helps to be relax and forget about current problems; is opportunity to spend wonderful time together with other people; it spread our horizons generally.