Sport is essential part of modern healthy lifestyle. Some people think that watching sports in any ways means loosing time without benefits. Others argue that it has some advantages for viewers. This essay will discuss both opinions and then express my vision.
Some people do not see any benefits in watching some sports events either by TV or live. Firstly, they think such type of activity is meaningless as people do not improve their health by doing sports, they just looking at others. They suppose the viewer just seats in front of the TV or stands next to the stadium and by doing so sports does not give him or her any benefits. For instance, during the football championship in 2018 a lot of TV viewers bought beers and watched the matches online. Moreover, they suppose that time can be used in a better and healthier way. Physical activity, some exercises outdoors or indoors or just walking on a fresh air is much better than seating in front of the screen. For instance, football macth can last for about 3 hours with extra time, that time is good enough for productive training or just meeting with relatives and friends.
On the other hand, some people get benefits from watching sports and cannot describe such activity as meaningless. To begin with, watching sports gives them the energy and the feeling of passion. The big fans of sports are very nervous about their favourite team, they want to see it playing, want to support their team and help them to win. For example, big fans of football often buy a special ticket to every destionation where their team play during some competition. They really want to feel great emotions with their team, it keeps them energetic and passionate. Furthermore, watching sports is a surprising motivation for some viewers. Looking at sportsmen with beautiful and strong bodies motivates people to start or continie doing sports or exercises. For instance, amazing girls in gymnastics can make people lead a healthy lifestyle, cut down on sugar and do training.
As for me, I agree with second group of people and think that watching sports gives people a large scoup of different emotions like motivation, passion. dedication to the team or an individual player, feeling of competition and very pleasent feeling of winning. It also can teach how to cope with lose because it is always a room for ups and downs.
In conclusion, I would like to say that there are two different points of view on benefits from watching sports, some people do not want to lose their time and spend hours doing nothing productive, but others find in sports the sources of energy and differents emotions thay want to experience. In my opinion, watching sports is usefull for getting motivation from professional sportsmen and getting knowledge about how to deal with win and lose not only in sports, but in daily life too.