Nowadays watching sport events became an important part of modern culture. Some people think that seeing sportsmen is useless and empty spending of time, whilst others consider that watching people running, boxing, playing team games can really help in some areas of life. In my opinion, watching sport events can be rather useful and entertaining.
To begin with, it is important to say that watching sports can not be useless. It is like to say that watching films and reading books is also very timewasting. Of course you can not always see directly the advantages of doing something, but it usually happens to show its influance in future. In this way watching sport events can motivate person to become interested in some certain type of sport and soon he or she will visit some sport schools or classes. For instanse, friend from my university group was not really interested in any sports and in real life. Furthermore he was not a sportsman at all. I caught moments when he became very interested in box and since then he always watched different translations of this kind of sport and other martial arts. Some months after that he started doing box and became wide shouldered, slim and strong. Moreover, it have not negatively influanced his university studying.
In addition, sport surely can significantly help to improve moves of biggining sportsmen, learn some useful tricks. When people are watching some professionals doing their job they can notice some little hidden details that can make a lot of profit for a person who understands what this details are directed to. The same at the sports. The speed of moving certain part of the body, right position, breathing, making fast tactical decisions are the knowledge that bigginer can get from watching sport events. For example, I had some problems with my back so I tried to do yoga. I could not finish most of the exercises and could not find out the reasons of my failure. I decided to watch some yoga videos during my time and saw, that sportsmen in videos breath very loudly deeply and without pauses. I repeated this detail and all my trainings went much easier after that.
In conclusion, although there are some obvious reasons why watching sport events can be useful, I think that every adult person can decide for himself what activities are helping or just wasting their time.