In modern world living envienronment changes fast, quality of life grows and people have some more free time. Meanwhile, the activities and entertainment mostly remains same: from reading paper books we came to electronic books, theaters brought us to the cinema, traveling became cheaper and wider - the form changes, but the idea does not. The thing is, in spite of that, the community's opinion also changes a little. I heard that some hundred years ago parents disapproved children reading too much because it took their attention off the real world and made them less disciplined, while now i see parents trying to ake their children read books and not waste their time surfing the Internet. The interesting thing to think about also is wathing sports.
Doing sports or playing sport games in generally considered good and very benefitial for children and adults. We all need for our health to be active, and also it develops physical shape and coordination, sometimes even social communication. But lots of people actually enjoy just wathing somebody else doing sports instead, and lots of people see it as a simple waste of time. As for me, i never enjoyed such an activity, and i still do not fully understand why people could like that. But if somebody likes it, i see no harm in spending some time this way, especially after a hard work day or other stress, but only until it becomes the main entertainment.
Let me explain my opinion. Some people think of wathing sports as of the general waste of time, but why? I expect them to say that one should rather watch something more sophisticated or use time for self development or something. With the secont point i disagree strongly - not all the time we have to eork, everybody needs some rest, otherwise the mind will just wear. And the first point - we all need in our life emotions and new experiences. Some people like finding it in reading a novel or playing a computer game, and some people get it from watching sports, and that as I see it is beautiful in its own way, i have seen people become much happier with it, especially if they watch with friends or family, it is just another way of entertainment. I am sure some people just think that if something is pointless for them it is the same for everybod, which is of course not true.
But there is more. There are some people who make wathing sports their main activity, and that is of course not good. This is mostly about watching sports on TV. The sports translation is always either a game or a competition, and that is what makes it addictive - you expect your favourite team or sportsman to win and watch them. I takes no power or will of your mind, yet gives it lots of small rewards wwhile watching and seeing you expectations become true or false, makin you the winner or tloser, like betting - everything needed to become addicted to this activity, when it still gives you emotions and rest, but you do not need it, you watch it in sake of wathing, and, of course, wasting your time. But this just the same with many other activities - laying computer games or wathing netflix. So yes, i agree with it being waste of time in some situations.
In my thinking I came to a simple conclusion, which is also my fina opinion on the given question. I think watching sports should not be judjed ans a waste of time, rather be considered in the same way as other entertaining activities, just think about every particular case and it becomes obvious. If you enjoy watching sports, then do it and call your friends, but if you see yourself watching too uch - consider joining local football team youself, and your life will for sure become much brighter.