Some people believe that watching sports events both live or in the Internet or TV is a waste of time, whereas others believe that it is a good time spending and interesting hobby. I totally agree with the first opinion, so this essay will provide arguments to that point.
To begin with, in my mind, whatching sports on TV is strongly assosiated with those lazy men who waste their time in front of the screen with the bottle of alcohol and screams everytime there is a mistake or a win of his favourite team. Although some people might say that such activiity can give a severe emotional outcome, I personally seriously doubt that. Firstly, it disturbs other family members: some of them just walked home off the work, some returned from the studiyng - this places are quite noizy, so home can be considered by them as a silent place where they can get rest or continue styduing, if this is a student. In that situation loud and aggressively screaming family member can disturb others, which will lead to offends and bad mood. Family conflicts are the worst ones, as there is no proper opportunity to get a room where you can settle down, so it is better to prevent such conflicts from the beginning. Moreover, if we are speaking about live matches, they also can be dangerous and harmful, because people in the crowd can not control their actions, which means that they are unpredictable.
Secondly, emotional outcome can be provided by not looking on people running or jumping on the TV, but by participating in sports. It is scientifically proven that sports help cope with stress and negative emotions, so when you are shattered, furios or desperate due to difficult life situatuions (that can be caused by both yourself or others people), it is better to go in for sports. Furthermore, doing sports can keep you fit, which is important for health as it strenghten immune system. As for me, i practiced karate till 18 years old, and I met easily all the deadlines and did a lot of assignments in the school without being moody. However, i quit sports in the first course of the university due to lack of time, that resulted in my severe depression on the first year of studying.
To conclude, I would like to say that i definitely believe that watching sports is not effecient time spending. You can get better emotional outcome doing sports than just sitting on the sofa or tribunes and screaming for the victory of your team.