There is the opinion that it is a waste of time for humans if they watch sport both on TV and in real. According to my opinion, on the one hand despite several benifits watching sport can be useless, on the other hand it depends on how much time do people spend on it.
As far as i am conserned, sport has undoubtely been a termendous sphere of our humanity. Subsequently, it is significant to value sport and spend time on it. To start with, watching sport involves people to be intrerested in doing at least morning exercises. According to the statistic, TV shows about morning exercises are highly spread among housewives, what increases the population of sport among all people because after watching them women influince on their children and husbands to become athlets. Moreover, watching matches inspires people to follow thier idols from sport what makes funs achive thaeir aims. Finally, athletic TV progammes promote halthy lifestyle in masses which is extrmely valuable and beneficial to our humanity. In general, there is a considerable number of benefits in watching sport.
According to my personal opinion, huge number of people assume that if they watch sport it makes them healthier, however, they are quite wrong. Unfortunatelly, most likely people watch TV sitting on their sofas, eating fast food and drinking Coke or beer, excluding any possibility of a healthy body. In my experience, i have read planty of articles about scientists who have made a study and figured out that staring at the screen of your TV is increadibly unhealthy. To worn you, i would like to claim, that if you watch sport on TV it does not mare you an athlet. To be more specific, watching sport on TV is not just a waste of time, moreover it can be harmful for you!
To conclud i would like to point that people waste time in many spheres of their life, though it depends you you. There is no doubt that it is only your personal choice how to live and what to do, to watch sport or to do sport. I certainly hope that people will stop wasting time on watching TV ang go to the gyms and parks.