There is a statement that people who watch sports spend their time in a useless way. However, others disagree with this opinion. As for me, I think that watching sports is not a waste of time. Some people believe that when people watching different type of sports they waste their free time. Firstly, a person lose his or her opportunity to do something useful while he or she watching sports. It means that a person may have important homework for tomorrow classes and he or she does not do it and just watching, for example, an interesting basketball match. To illustrate, my friend Denis usually waste his free time for watching football while he has some problems in university which he does not want to solve because of "lack of time". Secondly, watching sports do not allow people to spend their free time happily because of a lot of negative moments in the sphere of sport. For example, my sister is a perfect fan of the football sport club "Zenit" and when this team loses some matches my sister is crying. As a result, she wasted her free time and did not get any positive emotions.
Other people think that watching sports is useful for some reasons. To begin with, watching a person favorite sport gives him or her a lot of positive emotions during the process of a match, a fight or a tournament. For instance, my father and my mother like to watch basketball together because it is their favorite way to spend their free time. It is worth to say, that no matter what will the final result of the match, my father and mother will be happy anyway. Secondly, watching sports at live sports events helps a person to make new friends, so this time will not be useless at all. For example, my friend Oleg often go to the hockey stadium to see matches and to find people with common interests, people who like hockey as Oleg.
As for me, I am sure that watching sports is not a waste of time. I am a sportsmen, I like to play basketball, handball. Besides I regularly go to the gym and do powerlifting there. Of course, I like not only doing sports by myself, but I like watching sports too. It is the greatest way to spend free time with my family or with my friends. Moreover, it is a part of my hobby: I like to read some news about the spheres of sports that I interested in.
In conclusion I would like to say that watching sports is useless for some individuals for reasons connected with rational using their free time, but as for me, watching sports is rather interesting and fascinating activity which gives people a large number of positive emotions, so it is obviously not the wasting of time.