There is an opinion of uselessness of watching sports. Some people might agree and some not, but it could objectively be found some reasons for both points of view.
First of all, lets find if there are any evidences of what watching sports (e.g. TV or live) can provide for people. Let's imagine some person playing basketball. As a sportsman, this type of person always need to improve his skills of participating in sport. It's a common fact that sports consist not only of physical power, but also of knowledge linked with the deep understanding of the sport itself. So, as a basketballer this person might achieve some great results by looking on plays of professionals, either live or by watching a record on TV. And this statement could also be applied to other sports. In such case, watching live or TV sports appears as a form of studying. This was only one reason but TV and live sports can provide much more. Previously we mentioned only cons for a small amount of people that described as sportsmen but let's try to look at this a bit broader. It's obvious that sports seems very attractive for a huge amount of people. It could be seen by just looking at sports stadiums. These massive constructions all over the world seems to be quite attractive as they can fit as big numbers as 50,000 fans and this is not a limit. In my opinion the reason for this is very simple: sport awakens a big variety of emotion spectre by just looking at people trying their best or feeling of connectivity with other 50,000 fans.
On the other hand such huge interest could also have negative sides. As a competitive sport, there is always other side appearing as enemy team. It's sad to announce that not all of sport fans looking at the sport only as a fair game. Not all of sport fans are respecting the opponent. So, it could be not only the useless, but as much as dangerous examples of watching sports. One of such cases are the "Ultras" soccer fans movement one of the aims of which is to literally providing damage to the enemy team. The more common and peaceful example of uselessness of sports is just asking "what did i benefit from it?". Because, it's also very common nowadays that people just watching TV drinking beer and eating crisps and it continues for a long time. It's no need to proof that drinking beer and sitting in the same position for 2 hours is not as good as it could be for your health. So, the time taken for just looking through the screen could be used for more useful actions such as getting new knowledge or doing some work.
To sum up, watching sports is not only that useless. It all depends on the aim of this actions. If it provides you more benefit than not-watching so why not? On the other hand, if you are just staring at the screen meaninglessly for a few hours several times a week, may be you should think about other actions that will potentially provide you much more and be considered by others as more useful.