Nowadays some people believe that watching sports is boring and has no essense while others argue that it is a good idea to spend free time. In my opinion, watching sports on TV or at live sports events is an interesting activity.
To begin with, there are different reasons why people watch sport. Some people enjoy cheering for their favourite sportsmen while others prefer to pay attention to a sport technique and rules of a certain kind of sport. First kind of watchers like both staying at home and going to sports events as they can freely spend their time with lots of fun in both places. People who enjoys cheering usually visit or watch matches of sport team games. For example, they prefer to watch football or basketball, drink beer, dance while being happy because of results of a game and be very loud. Besides, it is great that people have an oppurtunity to watch sports on TV. In comparison to watching sports at live sports events this makes the process of watching easier. When people stay at home nobody seats and walks around them. Also, this helps not to waste much time going somewhere to watch a live sport event. Staying at home people can feel free and do everything they want.
Moreover, some people are interested in watching sports because they try to understand all the details of certain kind of sport. They usually pay attention on movements of sportsmen and analize them. These watchers imagine themselves like a sport judges and try to make decisions about different situations in sport process. They are totally into sport theme, know about sport a lot and happy to spend time watching sports on TV or at live sports events. Some people who watches sports are sportsmen. They are usually interested in success and failes of other certain sportsmen who they compite with. That is why such people watch sports too.
To sum up, watching sports is a great leisure activity as it gives people an opportunity to get excited and to through out emotions. Aslo, some people prefer to watch sports keepping calm to understand rules and technique of a certain kind of sport.