While sport plays such an important role in social and cultural life of communities all over the world, the discussions about watching sports will never end. I am sure that watching sports can be an excellent way to spend time for anyone interested in it.
Firstly, discussing of sport is often used to 'break the ice' when talking to people. It is never useless to know the results of last games or sport performances. Watching sports - either on TV, online translations or at live sports events - can help a person be on trend, discuss it with other watchers and, probably, even make new connections on a basis of common interests.
Secondly, watching sports at live events have always been a part of lifestyle of elites worldwide. There are traditions of attending horse or camel races, tennis games, auto races with different dress codes and established manners of attenders. It is not limited for only aristocrats though. Such events have always been an opportunity for friends and acquaintances to meet and spend time together, and unique atmosphere of live sports events is definitely a good alternative to usual meetings.
Thirdly, watching sports can be really inspiring, especially for children and teens. Most of sportsmen have started their career when they saw sports in their childhood and got a desire to try. So it is not a waste of time when people watch sports events because they can be inspired enough to become professional athletes and take part in big competitions. Even if people decide to try their favourite sport without any professional aspirations, it is also great because regular physical activity makes their lifestyle healthier.
Of course, everything needs moderacy, so simple watching sports all day can hardly make any positive changes in one's social or physical life. Without balance in other spheres of life watching sports can definitely be a waste of time. However, in my opinion, watching sports in any preferrable way brings much more of agvantages. It is not useless waste of time unless a watcher has not an unhealthy attitude to it. I think that watchng sports can significantly enrich someone's cultural experience.