Nowadays people live in a fast temp. There are a lot of deals they need to do during the day. It is understandable why people find some hobbies and ways to relax after hard-working day. One is the way to relax is watching sports. Today we can not only go to the big stadium to see some football match or something else, but also stay at home and watching it on TV. Some people consider that it is a waste of time, bit I desagree with this statment and try to refute it.
Start with the fact the be a sportsmen it is a hard work and it is the profession of some people. The government pay a big salary to spotsmen for their work. It exist for people, residents who go to matchs and who interested in sport life. Sport is a big sysytem because a lot of people depend on each others. For example, coach teaches athletes to be the best in their deal to go in the big olympic games and takes the first place in competition. This races are held for fans who really crazy about sport events. If the fans do not go to this events, the sport event can not exist. Where there is demand - there is supply. Government sponsors these events for fans, who buy ticket for these match. It says about watching sports events are not waste of time. It helps sport system to exist in our life. It is a good deal and support for sportsmen who everyday train hard to make a good show for fans.
If looks on this statement otherwise, it is importnat to say that watching sport events is a usual hobby such as cooking, reading books and others. It is a one way to relax for people, who likes watching sports. If people say that watching sports is a waste of time, it is the same to say that cooking is also waste of time. Consequently, it is contradict the existance of restaurant and cafe. People who work in public catering like cooking and it is their hobby maybe. So, people should be indertanding before say that some deal is a waste of time. Every person have a hobby or something that inspires him or allows to relax. That is why most of all activity is a way to spend day as you want and relax. Every activity have strength and weaknesses. It is depends only how you look at this.
In conclusion, watching sports in live or on TV is a goog way to relax, is not a waste of time. It is important to understand that every activity in our life have advantages and diasdvantagrs. If some people know how spend the day another, it is not say about watching sports events is a waste of time. It is up to a everybody what deal to do and what brings something good for life. Watching sports events is the usual thing and hobby.