In a society there exists an opinion that watching sports is an unuseful/meaningless spend of time. This essay will cover my position in this question and find some relevance in both views.
To start with, I can not agree that watching sports is a waste of time. However, I can find points which are to some extend prove this statement. First of all, just seeing some sport games is mean nothing in modern reality, where almost all people try to spend their time on developing some mental and physical skills. In simple watching of the game no brain activity is used for a huge ammount of time and so fans are loosing time to upgrade themselves in different ways. Furthermore, these people are not only staying ahead in status-quo, but also may degradate in some sense. It is important to know, that regular viewers tend to take unhealthy food and drinks, like junk food, cola, pizzas and even alcoholic preparats, like beer - they not just sitting in a comfortable place with no "fluctuation". Using these products, sportviewers give a serious damage to their organisms and are often become toxic persons and can affect other people too, in case of dissapointment from the lose of the favourite team. One bright example here is the culture of "divannie" football fans in Russia - these persons usually drink much during games and can fight each other on streets, making a derbyday a nightmare to other people.
Nevertheless, it find watching sports is a pretty good time to spend on. Firstly, it is useful to know, that not only marginal people have a certain culture of watching sport games, but strong and well organised supportive groups, which are exist in all big football and hockey clubs. These fans often organise different cool actions: as at the stadium, as outside. These events are found to be creative, like perfomants in home arenas: usually they take some huge paintings and list them on tribunas. This shows the creativety of whose sportsfans and that everybody can attribute to that. Secondly, this sports theme is a great topic to discuss with friends and colleagues and can help to get some social networks, which can be useful in everyday life. You can talk about special tactics, sports tournaments or great and enjoyable games, which brings pleasure to all the viewers.
In the conclusion I should state that this subject is very controversial. While some people think that watching sports is a waste of time, I still do not agree with this position.