Sport industry is significant for people's lives in almost all spheres such as social, political, economical ones. For this reason taking part in sports activities and watching them are highly discussed topics in the world. While I can accept that watching sport can be a waste of time, I believe that it is an important part for the people's entarntainment pleasure and income growth.
First of all, watching sport is quite a costly activity as visiting sport objects or even buying a subscription for the sport chanels are not posibble for the big part of population. That is why it can be not in their interest and they do not really understand the reason for a huge amount of money spent on the sport development. For example, Russia spends a lot of money from budget for the football development but it does not mean that it really develops and some people even hate footballers for their big salaries. This hate is the greatest reason for not watching the football and evaluating it as the waste of time. The second reason for that can be just the pure organization of videotranslations and time and space management in sport centers. For instance, when people visit some competitions they come for a particular time but the actions do not started exactly in this time and they lose a lot of personal time for this. So, spending time for the waiting damages the reputation of sport competitions and makes people avoiding watching sport.
However, I know that the sport watching makes a lot of money for our budget and for the world sport development and if the money contribute into efficient strategies of for example swimming community development it will be the significant investement. I guess that sport watching is the important part not only for the economic sphere of our live but also for the social one. It is a great opportunity to enjoy time together with family members or friends, to make new social contacts sharing the interest for the sport and it is really underevaluated way of free time spending. For example, some people have a hobby to watch almost all competitions in american football and they find new emotions in it that are not avaliable in a routine time. These people prefer to share new emotions with their friends and it becomes an excellent way to separate free time from the working time. To sum up, I believe that not all people can afford visiting sport events and watching it online but for the rest it is the useful alternative to spend their time and get money. That is why watching sport should not be underestimated by public.