There is an ongoing argument about sport events and the use of watching them both live and on broadcasts. Some find that a waste of time. I personally disagree, because sport events form a huge industry that attracts a lot of people and finances that have a variety of beneficial effects on both athletes and the sports industry itself, and they are also one of the most ancient yet popular throughout the years forms of entertainment for people all over the globe.
Sport industry is extremely big and plays a big role not only in the lives of athletes and fans, but also in the social-economical situation of the country. From advertisements to merchandise and the sales from pay-per views, sport events attract a lot of money from different sources. Increase in popularity and accessibility of sport events among fans allows the improvement of quality of the sport events themselves which in return provides a better experience for fans. More over, sport industry often uses the money for the building of infrastructure for their live events, meaning that they can directly affect the growth of business and working places in certain areas. Being a person who attends live events or watches sport broadcasts means you are a part of a bigger picture that affects lives of other people and the whole society.
My second argument is that sport events have been around since the dawn of humanity and were once an extremely important social, economical and even cultural part of the society. This remains true even nowadays, despite the fact that we have lot more ways to entertain ourselves. Sport is an evergrowing industry that provides a high quality form of entertainment that improves every day. Even today, some sport events can gather the attention of people from all over the world. Success of certain athletes of teams can bring the sense of patriotism and joy to the fans. I personally follow combat sport events and it is extremely satisfying for me to watch athletes grow, win and build up their careers.
All in all, i think that attending or watching sports is not a waste of time, since you affect the industry that is capable of changing lives of athletes and even the state of country's social-economical position. Moreover, it is a an extremely old type of recreation that managed to sustain it's popularity among people from all over the world even to this day.