There recently been discussion abot whether or not sport on TV and live sports events is a pointless time consumotion. Thiss essay wil disagree with the topic. Moreover, we discuss the arguments, in order to support following position and give some critique for the main examples of sports watching followed by wasted time. There is concern that sports watching related entertaiment are pointless and no more, than wasting of time. That leads us to discussion about entartaiment in general because, people may not fully take into account the imortance of relaxation and fun in modern people life. In times when main activiti of every person almost always associated with stress it is vital to be able to "let the steam out". It might be watching spotrs (either on TV or not) or visiting the opera. We cannot judje people if their vision of good relaxation is different. That point were recently revealed in cartoon TV series "American dad" In one of the episodes one of the main caracters cannot understand exitment associated with watchin the footbal game and rooting for your team. So he ruined it for eweryone by convincing one of the main players to leave the team. Such an activite were followed with increacion in levels of agression and sadnes of local residents. After that and being in other stressful situations our caracter understands that watching sports might seems to be waste of time, but in fact it make hard life of people a little more fun.
Despite the example, some people still may argue that watching sport is more pointles than, for example, reading or plaing sports by yourself. It might seems like quality of spendet time is different but in fact TV sports and of course live sports events also provides enough of interesting information, give a chance to relate to great sport to people, who for some reasons cannot do it otherwise, and moreover it is unite people in their pasion, which is often better than benefits from other activities.
To conclude, the relative importance of watching sports for pasionate people make us shure that such type of entartaiment is not just a waste of time. It helps people to fight their routene and be a part of something bigger than themselves. Thtat makes sports watching are valid time investement.