Sports undoubtedly are one of the most popular hobbies. People all over the world enjoy playing sports and watch sporting events both on TV and live. However, some people argue that just watching sports without being involved in any sporting activity is practically useless. I personally can not agree with this point of view. There are many benefits that being a sports fan can bring to a person.
First of all, when watching sports in a special club or visiting a live game people can meet new friends. Sport clubs and stadiums are places that attract people with common interests. If two people are vying for the same team, this instantly makes them feel much closer to each other and facilitates conversation. In the opposite situation, when there are people who support different teams, this can encourage an interesting discussion. In both cases people are able to engage in conversations that are interesting for them and have the opportunity to either find their soul mates or discover decent opponents.
Secondly, watching sports can be a good opportunity for those who are not able to directly engage in sporting activities to come closer to the thing they enjoy. There are many reasons for which people can not engage in sports. For example, this could happen due to a lack of time or because of a physical disability. However, if a person is for one or another reason unable to do what they enjoy, it does not mean that they should be deprived of the opportunity to do so. In such cases watching sporting events should not be regarded as a waste of time, but rather should be seen as a chance for ordinary people to be involved in the activity that interests them the most.
To conclude, I believe that it should be left for a person to decide how they want to spend their free time because everyone has their own reasons for doing one or another thing. Watching sports and being a sports fan have many advantages that can not be obvious from the first glance for those who regard it as a waste of time.