According to some amount of people, they believe that speding free time by watching sport on tv or at live event is just killing your time and it is unpractical.
However, i fully disagree with the statement, so on in my opinion it is a useful activity and has many benefits which i will discuss in the following essay.
To begin with, by watching sports on TV in spare time or either going to live sports events nobody can say that u can not catch the higly impressive thing such as cooperation by team spitir. Watching sports create many communities that can be usefull in daily life. For example, u can enter some footbal community and discuss with them any topic u want, more over if u have any problem football community will help u without cost for u, so it will priceless. Also, when u watch game you can cheer with your frineds together, grab some emotions and pull over from u some negative emotions. So on i belive, watching sports offers many benefits which can be useful in every spehere of live such as simple inspiration by players from match.
More over community and emotions are not the only benefits of watching sports. When people watching sports they eneter sport community and usually the do some type of workout or some sports or anything else. So on, watching sports can help u to get fit everyone can be motivated to do some sports after watching game, because simple person will compare their physicall form to professional player and usually will want to have similar body. And will do sport and becom healthier. There are two good examples for sprital helth is chess when there was a chess game between Spassky USSR and Bobby from USA all over the world want to play chess and do their best. And second example is any football world champoinship it stimulate kids for playing football, u can easily go to any football field and usually u will find kids or adults playing football.
All in all, watching sports is not a waste of time. It give chance to enter unique community and more over inspire doing sports. So on, watcihng sports have positive effect on mental and physical heatlh.