Nowadays there is a popular opinion that watching sports on TV and going on a sports events is a boring activity that is wasting your time and money, but not all the people have the same point of view. I am going to provide my personal opinion on this extraordinary issue with facts and my experience.
More and more people say that there are many different ways how to spend your free time without watching sports and they have arguments on their opinion. Firstly, in their point of view it is more interesting not to watch sports, but to play it yourself or with your friends and family. This type of activity makes people involve in the work in a team and create more friendly and close connections between each other. Secondly, there is a popular opinion in a world's medical community that doing sports makes your body and mental more healthy. Rather than sitting at home and watching TV you could spend some free time on a fresh air doing sports alone or with somebody and provide yourself with a good health and long life with a little number of diseases.
From my point of view, I am personally disagree with this opinion and I can prove mine with my personal experience. As a retired basketball player it is clear for me that sports can be very dangerous and harmful for your health. It is known that all people doing sports will have troubles with their legs, back, arms or even brain in the older years because of the hard trainings during youth. Also watching sports on TV or at sports events is a perfect way to see how professionals plays in different sports games. It is possible to watch the play of some legendary sportsmen in real life, which will be a great experience for a young boy or even an old woman.
To conclude, I want to mention that watching sports is a perfect activity that gives you a plenty of emotions and also saves your health from unnecessary harmful injuries. As for me, I would say that doing sports is very interesting and enjoyable but it cost you very expensive in the future.