In todays world, which is full of different ways to spend your free time, people often have debates about which hobbies are useful or respectful, and which are actually just a waste of time. Some people say that watching sports is a waste of time. I totally disagree with this position and in this essay I will examine why do I think so.
First of all, sports unite people. Fans from all over the city or country, depends of the scales of this or that sport event, feel themselves as a one team. They forget about politics, recent negative news and events, about debates and quarrels they had. Either they are sitting together in a sport bar or on a stadium, they are actually having fun together, no matter how different those people in their routine life. Sports fans are often trying to cooperate with sports teams to launch some volunteer programs, for instance advertising to help (or help themselves) to blood donation centers, or assistance to ill children. They are being a strength force, which can be easily mobilized to social-friendly activities. And those sports events, as much as such volunteer actions unite people even more and make an atmosphere in society a bit warmer.
Moreover, popularity of sports events lead to the promotion of sports itself and healthy lifestyle. Watching sports, for instance among the children, give them a great example of a lifestyle. While having fun from those games, at the same time, kids improve their own health and shape. In my point of view, that is one of the best ways to spend energy of youths, in contrast to some harmful activities. Apart from it, sport teaches them to be disciplinary, motivate children to cooperate with teach other, to strictly follow the rules and etc. And of course they need an example to follow, and that is why they are watching different sports events.
To sum up, watching sports is a nice way to spend your time. Watching sports unite fans together, clearing their differences and motivating them to cooperate in different activities, either its just watching match together or some complex volunteering. At the same time, it is useful for youth to watch sports events, as it may motivate them to do sports themselves, which is very important for both health and social treats. That is why I think it's not a waste of time. 