Some people claim that watching sports on TV is a a waste of time. I disagree. Watching sports provides an important way to relax; it helps people bond over common cause; and it promotes a healthy lifestyle for younger population.
First, sport is a great way to relax after a long day of work or school. Our society got used to working a lot. At times we spend over 10 hours on work what we don't like but we do it because bills need to be paid. After so much of work, our brains cannot handle for work or educational content. We need to wind down by doing something that takes our minds off school or work. However, instead of watching pointless and non-educating tv shows, people can enjoy their time by watching their favorite team. Sports might not teach us Math or Physics, but it will teach us culture and history.
Second, sports draw a lot of fans, who bond together when they cheer for their teams. People can organize parties and events and gather together to watch the games. This social gathering unites people. For instance, when Russia played in the latest FIFA World Cup, a lot of my classmates gathered together and watched how Russia was able to get to Quarter Finals. This was an exciting moment. We took a lot of pictures and celebrated the success, even though none of us actually went to see the event in-person. And if more events like this happen around the world, then more people become friends.
Thirdly, by watching their favorite superstars, youngsters will also want to play sports and lead a healthier life as a result. For example, Cristiano Ronaldo promotes a healthy lifestyle to his followers on Instagram. He shows how he trains and what kind of food he eats. People who want to be like him follow his advice and do the same. Another example is Maria Sharapova, who is an elite tennis player. Apart from playing tennis on top level, she also promotes important values like gender equality and education. While these positive benefits don't relate to sport, they do stem from people's love for sport.
Finally, some people might call watching live sport as time wasted. I agree that live events might take a lot of time. For example, some criket games might last several days and that might be too long and perhaps some people are better off by watching a recap of the game.
To conclude, watching sports on TV or internet is not a waste of time because it helps people relax, it unites people, and it promotes a healthy lifestyle. And of course like anything in this world, the consumption of TV sports should have its limits and some people should spend a little less time on sports.