In today's world where are a lot of different opinions on one case. When there is a topic about the sence of watching different sports ivents, no matter how: on TV or at live, there are two oposide ideas: one is that such action is the reall waste of time. Others beleive, that it is not. I can count myself as a second type of thinking. In the following essay I would like to explain my point of view with arguments and examples.
To begin with, people. who began doing sport and became a sportmens, before started training, first of all saw some kind of sport they like somewhere: on TV or in live. You can not know the planty of possibilities in the sport sphere, unlill you will be shown them in some chanel. So, some little girl can firstly see a beautiful woman skiing and after that become a profeccional ski-dancer. Moreover, many of our national sport stars came to the sport that way. As an example we can mentioned a son of Evgeniy Plushenko - Aleksandr. He saw live perfomance of his father and the videos from the Olympic Games, where his father was the winner. After that the little boy decided to continue the father's champion's way.
We can also look at the situation, then the person have know wish our abbiluties to become a sportsmen, but still watn some sport events on TV or at live.. Let us firstly describe the situation of watching TV. Wathing some kind og sports can be veru relaxing, other can make us nervous, some of them can make us supportin and whishing a winn to our favorite sportsmen. Wathing sport on TV can give us such a big spector of emotions, which we can never get somewhere else. Wathing sport event in live raise the intense of all describing fellings in a higher level and bring you the felling of involving in the process. You feel connection between you, other viewers and the sportmens.
Taking everything into concideration, I would like to say that all points of view can exist: so many people, so many minds. All ideas should be respected. If someone does not like to wath sport events, he or she abselutely can ignor such programs. But wathich sport event, both on TV and in live, have some many emotional benefits and outcomes that it worth to try it. At least, once.