Nowadays sports become the essential part of human life and culture. However, some people believe that watching sports have no sense and people shouldn't waste their time on doing it. I disagree with this statement and suppose that seeing sport events is a great way to spend free time. Firstly, we can't say that something is a waste of time if it gives the preson who do this a lot of emotions and joy. Watching sports is the kind of activity that makes people thrilled, gives the feeling of involvment in the sport game. A sport fan can feel disappointment or happiness for his favourite team, the spirit of competition on the sport's field, and if this event is holding live - to live the great moments together with a lot of other people. Live events also could help people to find friends with simillar views and interest as theirs. Experiencing such emotions is worth wasting time on watching sports and could be a milestone of people's mental health and enjoying life. Secondly, sport is just a form of entertainment, as the others, such as music, movies, hobbies. There is nothing wrong that people are spending their free time as they wish. Wathcing sports is good to relax after hard working day. It may be also useful for people who are doing sports because they may learn some new things by watching the professionals doing it. As well as entertaining, sport events could also motivate people to try it themselves and begin their own path to healthy lifestyle. That means watching sports can benefit not only the one person, but the whole society.
People opposing this position may say that sport is not an intellectual activity, so it is not worth spending time at all. They think that watching sport is not developing people's mind, so it has no sense to watch such things. However, not everything in our lives should contain intellectual component and having rest is important.
All in all, I still disagree with the position mentioned above. Some people may say that watching sports is useless, but it is a perfect way to entertain yourself and have a lots of fun.