Nowadays some people claim that watching sports is a waste of time. In this essay I wil elaborate on this topic.
As for me, I personally disagree with this statement. To begin with, all people are allowed to have their free time activities. Leisure is an important part of our life. People get tired at work or at school, they may face some serious issues in their personal lives, and other circumstances. Therefore, they need some ways to release negative energy and switch their minds. Being a fan of sport and watching matches on TV or at live sports events is a great way to spend one's free time. It does not necessarily require a lot of effort and money, so it is available for anyone. All hobbies are worthy as long as they do not harm other people.
Furthermore, while watching sports, a lot of people might socialize in the process. They can unite, vote for one particular team, bet on them together. Fans can use online forums, go to the bars that stream sports, visit live events - all of these are the places where they can meet people with the same interests and make good friends. Nowadays social networking is a crucial part of one's life. Watching sports together or even being fans of the same team can be a great ice breaker.
However, some people might say, that this activity is still harmful. They claim that people prefer to watch and not to play themselves, spending hours in front of the screen or seating at the stadium, and this has serious impact on their health.
I disagree with those people. Physical activities should be a part of life for everyone, but people also need to wotk on their mental activities. Watching sports takes time and understanding of the process. One need to make some effort to know all the positions, all the roles in the team, finally - the game rules. I think, this is still useful for the development of a person. Moreover, some people simply can not participate in sports due to their physical conditions, but they still enjoy the concept of it. It would be cruel to take from them the opportunity to be a part of a sports community.
To sum up, watching sports is not a waste time, as it is a great way to spend free time and make new friends.