It is argued that watching sports events is a useless time spending. This essay will firstly discuss watching sports as one of the main advantages, and, secondly, outline the unhealthy way people sometimes spend time watching sports events as one of the main disadvantages.
One of the principal advantages is the emotional sublimation sports events give to the audience. People watching sports, especially the most important events like World Cups or Olympic Games interact the audience the way that they forget about all the problems and difficulties they have in a daily life, which can even be treated as a meditation and even psychological sublimation, according to the latest researches. For example, personally I visited the World Football Cup in 2018, that took place in Moscow. Being not a big football fan, I have received a lot of positive emotions and adrenaline while watching the game between Russia and France. The time has passed very fast and I was going home full of energy and happiness, because for three hours I have forgotten about my daily life with it's possible issues and opened my mind only towards the interesting and important football game. I really enjoyed this feeling.
The main disadvantage is associated with people wasting time on watching sports events and sometimes even creating an inconvinience for the others. For instance, at the days, when the regular football games take place in my hometown Perm, it can be dangerous to walk near the stadium they play on, because crowds of drunk men are walking around and screaming. This example makes people think that usually this football game visitors come there, not because they are big sport fans, but because they just want to have a big company in drinking beer, screaming and doing crazy things, which is a real waste of time in my opinion. The same trend is supported by the fans, who are watching football on TV, screaming, drinking and creates mess for the other family members.
In conclusion the benefits of spending time watching sports like psychological sublimation and charging the audience with energy, must be weighted against the mass alcohol drinking during the sport events as a negative effect of it. Overall, benefits of spending time watching sports outweight the disadvantages because in my opinion problems with alcohol can be resolved by forbidding it to be taken on the stadium and not letting the drunk fans to come to events.