There is a popular opinion that watching sports, no matter via television or in real life, is a pure waste of time. Although some true football league fans may disagree with this statement.
To start with, there are different ways and effects of watching sports. Talking about live translations and recordings on telvision, it is very popular among the world, firstly because almost anyone can afford it. Sports have huge fanbases and television makes it easy for people to spectate the games even if they cant afford the events in real life. For example, it is very popular to watch football with family and friends at hope or going for the game to the local bar amont Russians, this activity is defenetely good for developing communication skills among the community and finding new friends in hobby.
Secondly, attending spots events in person has a huge impact on one's development. Beside switching from everyday routine on going out and getting some fresh air, it also gives the oportunity to travel around the world, seing new places and meeting new people. One of the most popular reasons for joining the "sport fan" club is the range of opportunities, motivation and emotions people get through it.
Though, there might be some destructive effects coming with watching sports. Sports attract many sponsors, who usually are food and beverage producing companies, specialising on light alcohol drinks, soda water and fast food. The companies advertise their products during sports events, which leads to popularising unhealthy lifestyle and leats to deseases and health issues among fans. For example, in Russia many football fans face alcohol addiction, which is supported by spots events sponsors.
As well, being a sports fan takes people way too far sometimes. It is a common knowledge, that during sports games fans often come to conflicts and fights for the names of their beloved teams and clubs. These actions sometimes lead to harsh consequences for the envirenment and regular people.
In conclusion, I want to say that spots is a great thing to be found of, it gives you motivation, bright emotions, and most importantly - new people to meet, but there are negative parts as well, which should be considered by people, for the sake of their own health and happiness.