There is a discussion that spend your time by watching some particualr sport events is simply a killing of precious of people time. I disagree with those who think that. Watching sport activities either on gadgets or at a real event can be useful in all cases.
First of all, watching any sport occasion means watching sportsmen: their appearance, their skills and their emotions. Viewers observe an actual healthy, successful and fit people that take part in a sport event. By this I mean, that sportsmen actually become a real postive role-model, that make an audience desire to be as healthy as they are, to have as strong and nice body, as they do, to value their successes by showing emotions in the same way they do. Thus, people possibly start attending gyms using special exercise programme or sticking to their favourite sportsman's diet in order to get in a good shape.
Secondly, watching sport events at live or via gadgets is a good way to inspire yourself to start getting personal achievements. When a viewer observe a huge skill-cap of his favourite sportsman or the members of his favourite team, the wish to feel the same proud of yourself by achieving your aims appears involuntarily.
Nevertheless, some people believe that not doing sports but watching it is just a waste of time. By this they mean, that viewers do not get any health profit while they observing a sport occasion. Moreover, sitting in front of your TV with a set of sushi or some slices of pizza only expose your health to be harmed and eventually led you to obese.
I can not fully agree with those people due to several reasons. First of all, people decide to watch the sports or not in accordance with their timetable. Most people nowadays are so crazy about career ladder rather than doing sports. Hence, watching several football or basketball matches can make a slight influence on their life style. Moreover, not all people are able to do sports actually: we should not forget about disabled ones. Disability doesnt mean the abscence of desire, so watching sports is just a good alternative for them getting satisfied in this aspect.
In a nutshell, watching sports nowadays is a good way to spend your free time usefully thanks to its sport or personal inspirations, sporsmen pieces of advice about how to keep fit or it may be a good start in your own sport career.