Nowadays timespending and value of different events are popular themes for discussion. Some people believe that sport events are very exciting and it is impossible not to see it. They are ready to spend free time for watching olympic games, football and hockey and discuss it with friends. Other people are sure that it's useless hobby. I agree with the second group and think that there are a lot of activities which can be done instead of watching sports.
To begin with, in my opinion, watching TV is harmful in general and so sport programmes are the same entertainment products. People usually try to get positive emotions watching TV and sport videos give them illusion that they take part in this event. Usually, sport channels are very popular becouse of giving opportunity to feel nervous for the result of competitions. People watch it for getting adrenaline. According to phychological researches when person watch TV, he feels like he is a participant of that event, so sport programmes can be percepted like real excercises. Consequantly, instead of doing sport people try to find substitutions like TV or live sport events and it is not only useless timespending, but even dangerous for health.
Additionally, fans of sport games give an argument that these events help them to be a part of sport community and feel strong emotions, but it is also a problem, because troubles of sport teams can be a cause of some fans' depression, that fact was fixed by scientists after olympic games of the beggining of 21st century. Sport events for guests can be the reason of physical health problem. And that also mean that it is better to spend time for other activities.
Finally, time of watching sports is prefertable to spend for self-improvment. People can spent hours of events for doing exercises and became a real sportsmen or just healthier. In most cases, when people follow their favourite teams, and watch the games on TV, they don't move during that time and eat unhealthy food instead of walking or doing sports.
To sum up, inspite of different veiws on watching sports, personally, I think it's not only useless, but unhealthy and harmful. For people is better to do sports than watch it.