Sports are considered to be one of the main activities for people who want to keep their bodies healthy. Given the positive side of those activities, the popularity of certain sports, like football or basketball, has increased in recent decades. Consequently, the number of people who watch sports during their free time has substantially risen which initiated the debate around it. Some individuals say that watching sports is useless and we should consider doing something different while others say that it helps us to popularize sport activities among population. In this essay, i will support the position of the second group.
In my point of view, we should promote sports that are broadcasted on TV or held live in order to pursue people to start doing them as a hobby activity. I believe that the image of popular athletes that are great at a particular sport will provide an example to young generations, that would be willing to join these sportsmen during competition in the future. Personally, I started doing sports after a great start of my national football team during one of main European tournaments. Even though I had been doing sports even before this, the motivation, which this victories gave to me, was crucial for my motivation afterwards.
At the same time, we should not forget about the income that is generated by broadcasting of those sport events. This money often are used to support sport clubs around the world and we should not neglect the positive side of it. While some people argue that the main flow of money are used to support famous sportsmen, we can also add that almost every sport club has has an interest in improving its own sport school where children can improve their abilities.
One can also admit, that people can relief the stress while watching sport event live. During their time at a stadium, they usually spend a significant amount of energy in order to support their team. Those individuals can admit that they feel less anxious after this kind of events which can also support my opinion.
In conclusion, we should say that watching sports can have positive effects on people. It provides the example of perfect sportsmen for children while also supporting them through profits generated from the broadcast. Other people can enjoy it during their free time in order to entertain themselves.