Today sports are an extremely popular activity, on TV and in real life every day we can watch various matches, competitions, programmes and channels about it. There is an oppinion that when people are watching sports they just waste theit time. I stringly agree with this statement.
Firstly, watching sports really takes a lot of our free time, instead of being viewiers in some competitions people can spend their free time on their relatives, their dearest and nearest. In our day there are only twenty four hours and usually we forget to talk to our grandparents or our siblings or parents. It is better to spend 20 minutes for conversation with them or just a phonecall than to watch football or basketball that will be repeated on TV. At the same time nobody knows what will be tomorrow. If i had more time during the day i would spend it in rhis way.
Another issue that needs to dealt with is the frequent substitution the game and the real life, spending our free time on watching something is not good for our mind, our heath. Men and women should being responsible for their health and it will be better for them doing sport rather than watching it. Moreover, it is a huge waste of population's time because people are really lazy one and while watchin a sport on TV and being a fan of different teams they forgot to do sport, they replace it by visiting stadiums.
However we should not forget to take into account that everybody wants to have rest how he wants after a long and sometimes awful days and mental work. Nevertheless, there ale lots os different activities that can be more helpful for our brain, figure and our well-being. For example real sport, or active hobbies as dancing, skiing, skating and many others that can helps keeping us fit.
In conclusion, there are a huge number of various kinds of useful and helpful activities that people may try as well instead of watching sports that is useless and can bring lot of unpleasant feelings. I tend to think that people who attends sports and games on TV or real life as a viewer spend all their free and fragile time for nothing.