There is an opinion that watching different kinds of sport events no watter in a real life or on TV is useless. I completely disagree with this statement, because interest in sports is very important nowadays.
The most compelling reason for holding to my view is that watching sports give us an example of people who do their best to make their dreams come true. In other words, different sport programmes show us people who came through a lot of obstacles on their way but finally they achieved a lot. For example, Olympic Games gives us a lot of examples of sportsmen who won gold medals, but if people look through their biographies, they will see that these people are ordinary boys and girls from their country who spend a lot of time on doing sports. For example, famous olympic champion Alina Zagitova spent all her time on skying, while all her friends had a fun. All stories like this are very impressive and give people hope and motivation that one day they would be able to achieve everything they want if they put a lot of effort on this.
In addition, watching sports incourage people to do sports. Nowadays not many people are fit and slim, the reason for that is their desire to sit at home instead of doing some exersices outdoors or going to the gym. Translation of sport events shows people how beatiful and fit the sportsmen are and inspires them to doing some sport exersices. For example, when i was a child I did not like sport and prefer watching cartoons instead of going for a walk, but when I saw a tennis play of Maria Sharapova on the TV, I wanted to become as fit as her. After that, I became a tennis player, that is why nowadays I am slim and healthy. Moreover, children after watching tv sport programmes can become fans of famous sportsmen and begin to learn more information about this kind of sport, it will give them an additional knowledge and make them more intelligent.
In conclusion I would like to say that sport programmes really give people motivation to start following even their deepest dreams and inspires them to become sportsmen. That is why I believe that watching sports is a good hobby which will give people a lot of opportunities in the future.