It is undeniable that in the contemprory world the role of sport is significant: not only people do some exercises, but also spend a lot of time on the sport-related events, either online or at stadiums. However, another part of the society claims that human beings should not waste time on such a meaningless activity. From my perspective, this kind of leisure is both advantageous and pleasant.
To begin with, watching sports is obviously captivating and interesting. One of the fact that proves it is the tremendous number of sport fans, who spend money on buying tickets or subscribing on TV channels, where the matches are translated. It is proved that being motivated and interested in a hobby, brings positive emotions to the person, who nowadays is dramatically stressed-out because of work, public transport and other kind of pressure. Thus, people need some source of stress relief, which in the given circumstances is watching favourite teams playing and winning.
Moreover, following the online translation or observing the sport matches is tightly connected with the spirit of team. It is not a secret, that from day to day people become more and more detached from each other, immersed in their worries and deals. Sports, on the other hand, creates a feeling of closeness to each other, as people feel empathy for their favorite teams and cheer for it with other fan base. To cite an example, viewers can invite their friends to their house and scream in joy for every scored goal. It is even easier to feel the spirit of interconnectedness when standing in a crowd at a stadium, who chants supporting slogans and hugs members when the victory is near.
In conclusion, it needs to be stressed that not only doing but also watching sports brings benefits for a person. The most essential factor is the elaboration of positive emotions, such as the dophamine, which makes a person more relaxed and satisfied with their life. Besides, observing sport events creates the bounds between people, who can be both physically and emotionally distant from each other in the daily life, which leads for making new acquaintances and friendship.