Nowadays, when time is a highly valuable resource for all people, it is often said that wasting it on watching different sports events does not worth it. Nevertheless, I totally disagree with this opinion.
In my point of view, watching sports events can contribute to your self-development. I believe that watching sports on TV or live can motivate a person to try it him (her)self. When you are involved in a process of watching some kind of sports competition, you subconsiously start to notice some details in the way sportsmen perform, you choose a favourite athlete and he or her may become your idol. Eventually, you would struggle to be similar to him or hero which means doing sports, try to reach at least one tiny part of his or her achievements. Hence, starting from following his or her steps you might get a new hobby - doing some kind of sport which will lead to the increase of the amount of physical activitiy in your life which will make you healthier. In some cases people get so much inspiration that they become famous sportsmen themselves. A lot of current sportsmen admitted that they started after watching performances of other legends of sports.
Moreover, in a fast world in which we are living, people are facing an enormous amount of stress everyday. I suppose that watching sports event can become a helpful tool for releasing this stressful energy. When you come to a stadium to cheer up your favourite sportsman you can scream, shout, whistle. Thus, through these noises you express all the negative emotions that were kept inside of you while causing no harm or unconveniences for others. In addition, if your favourite sportsman or team wins it gives you a boost of positive energy that will support your during the following day, week or even more.
In conclusion, although there are people who consider attending sports events nothing but a waste of time, I strongly believe that this is not true. Watching sports competitions can bring a lot of benefits to a person such as motivation for doing sports or help in dealing with negative emotions and stress.