Nowadays some people believe that watching sport events via TV or Internet translations is a silly and unneccessary action. They may think that this time should be spent on other, more useful things. Honestly, I do speak out against such an idea.
First of all, it is important to understand that all types of people need to have a rest, a kind of leasure time from the working day. I am in favour of the idea that each person listens to their body and soul and defines the best way of spending free time. Some people would rather have a day out, while others prefer watching sport channel at home or visiting sport events. Thus, there is no need to feel shame towards this activity. Watching footbal for instance is not a waste of time, it is a way to relax. Second of all, there are those people, who are really into sports, but they simply have no opporunity to take part in it. Evidentually, not everyone has enough time, money and health to take up any sport activity or to become a world-famous champion. That is why, online translations from pubs and visiting a real competitions is a sensible, cheap alternative to feel the atmosphere of real sport without any damage to individual health. Finally, sport events are helpful in team spirit building and making friends.
As for those, who find watching sports as a stupid activity, they might believe that such time wasting distracts people from important things as education, self-development, reading. Sppending all day long in front of TV or at live sports events may cause the deny from other hobbies as art or dancing, which leads to restriction in personal way of thinking, their view. However, I believe that it is not correct, since people may be interested in different hobbies at once. Thus, there will be nothing bad from watching a couple of matches.
To sun up, I would like to notice, that everyone are allowed to spend their timje as they want to and it should never be considered as a waste of time, because everyone has different attitudes towards a variety of activities. That is why it is important not to estimate other's preferences