Nowadays most sports events have a lot of fans all over the world. Sports lovers try to support their favourite sport team in any ways they can. For example, go to the stadium or watch the game on TV. Some people geniunly believe that spending free time by watching a sport is meaningless. However, I disagree with this opinion, because I think that it can be really useful activity and have many benefits of its own.
To begin with, someone can learn several things such as team spirit or cooperation while watching sports in free time. Also people can stay at home next to their family while they watch their favourite sport TV show and that helps them to entertain themselves with their family. It makes the atmosphere comfortable and friendly. Moreover, while watching sports with our loved ones is a great opportunity to spend free time together. Cheering together for our favourite team brings us closer. While watching the game we gain immense knowledge about it.
Sport lovers often have role models that fascinate them the most. Some people get inspired and motivated and they decide to do sports after watching it. For example, my best friend was watching figure skating all the time when she was a child, and she dreamt of becoming like Tatyana Navka. Nowadays, it is her serious hobby, she goes ice skating three times a week, and she is really healthy and she looks stunning! She skates amazingly and always participate in different competitions. She said that it happend because she admired the figure skating and watched it almost every day. As for me I went to gymnastics three times a week for 4 years. It was my decision and I was really happy doing it as I have been watching the Olympics every time and admired girls and women in gymnastic sport. Honestly, there are lots of examples of such stories where a particular sport has inspired people.
In conclusion, watching sports in your free time is a good way of spending time and for some people this leasure activity may even turn into a hobby or even a career. I strongly believe that people should watch sports and develop the interest in sport in their kids by watching it and being a part of it. It motivates us to be strong, sporty and healthy.