It is a common knowledge that nowadays people have an opportunity to observe sports at their home on TV or watch it on the place during the match. It can be supposed that looking at these activities does not have any sense or, from opposite side, it is a very beneficial leisure. I personally believe that watching sports is not a waste of time and in thise essay are given some reasons for my opinion.
First of all, watching sport activities on TV as well as observing it on the place of being has several cons. To begin with, it is a quite good idea for day-off leisure or familly spending-time. For example, when close people gather at home or in the pub, they need to have some kind of entartainment. In such situations watching some football or hokkey match on TV would be fabulous activity which enables a company of peers become a virtual audience during the match and have a spirit of supporting some side of football fans. Undoubdetly, such leisure should be taken into account in case of getting together with your good friends or family.
Moreover, if we talk about real usefull advantsges, watching sports on TV or observing live sports events could heip people to gain some motivation to do sports in real life and maintain sport lifestyle. For instance, if person suffers from obesity, he can inspire by the shapes of athletes and make a decision to be similar to them. The problem of obesity is one of significant modern problems so we can partly overcome it by inviting fat people on sports events or by translating more sport programmes on TV.
From my point of view, under no circumstances watching sports can be called wasting time or sensless. In contrast, such activity makes people think of their pattern of life and change something to the better side. Also, as i mentioned earlier, this activity gives us an opportunity to have some fun while watching it. Moreover, sports make our lives more interesting and exhausting.
To sum it up, the positive sides outweigh the negative sides of watching sports. I am sure that doing it only improves our life and entertains us and our friends but not spoil it at all.