It is believed by some people that there are many ways to spend free time more efficiently than watching sports. Although this is not entirely wrong, we have to study the topic to provide an answer to this belief.
First of all, watching sports is a way to feel engaged in something related to health and physical beauty for some people, even if they do not like playing sports by themselves. When a person is following all the sports news and highlights as a way of spending his or hers free time, it does not do harm to anyone, for these sports fans it is simply a way to relax watching athletes do sometimes incredible things. Although it is considered better to actually engage in sport activities and rather spend time in the fresh air doung physical exercises, I believe that we shoul never forget that some people are simply not able to be physically active, or they can love watching difficut sports that a regular person just cannot do because it requires a huge physical potential and years of practice. What is more, the desire to spend time however they want to is perfectly normal for every human being. While watching sports there people are feeling on the top of the world, they can discuss games with other fans and have a great time in general, and we cannot judge anyone simply for their innocent hobbies. While some people may say that watching sports is a wate of time because it is not a sophisticated hobby that will make you more intelligent like reading or listening to classical music, I insist that the lve for sports can really widen your horizon since you may have to know the names of every player and the historical origin of the sports you like to watch to fully enjoy it.
On the contrary, people believe that watching sports is a dull and degrading hobby because we all know the popular image of a sports fan sitting at home and doing nothing else. But people who love watching sports are not necessarily unhealthy - they are not always sitting on the couch with junk food and watching other people sweat. A lot of sports fans love to visit various live sports events with their friends where they sit on the tribunes breathing freash air and enjoying the company of like-minded people.
To sum up, watching sports may be seen as a boring and not really healthy thing to do in your free time due to its simplicity, but personally I come to a conclusion that it can be a truly amusing and totally right hobby for everyone who wants to spend time enjoying themselves.