Nowadays there is a widespread opinion that it is not useful to watch sports on TV or at live sports events. However, not all people agree with this statement. As for me, I partly agree that this activity is useless. In this essay, I am going to highlight two opinions in which the importance and significance of sports and watching it are mentioned.
On one hand, it is possible to consider this activity useless. Firstly, person spends more hours for watching it, not doing anything else. Person might spend this time to do something else. For example, person can clean the house, walk in the street and so on. Secondly, it may be interesting for not people. People who are interested in everything that is connected with sport: sportsmen or sportslovers. For instance, my friend is fond of football, so he cannot miss any his training or any live-stream of playing football.
On the other hand, there are a lot of humans who do not prefer to watch any kind of sports on TV or live-stream. It is better for such persons, for example, to cook something or to go to the cinema or to the theater. For instance, I am really not interested in any kind of sport in any way. Personally, the best way to spend my free time is watching films, series or shows, also I can read an interesting and useful book or just go for a walk.
As I have already said, I think that everything is dependent on person himself or herself and his or her preferences. Usually a person spends his or her free time on activity which is his or her favourable. It may be exciting and necessary to watch sports translations on TV or somewhere else for people who are really fans of this kind of activity and cannot live without sport.
In conclusion, I would like to mention that there is the fact that all humans are very different and have own interests, hobbies and preferable activities. That is why someone believe that sport is really significant aspect of our lives and it is necessary activity to do sports and watch it. Furthermore, some people consider that there are a lot of other intersting and useful things and activities which are worthwile.