Nowadays many people suppose that seeing sports events both on TV or in real life is useless. They believe, there are many other ways to spend your time more efficient. In my opinion, this kind of entertainment deserves to be seen. I am fully agree that this variant of 'wasting' time shoud be valid as well as different events on TV or at the stadium.
To begin with, it is clear that sports events are spectacular. They attract sometimes even bigger audience that other programms or events. People gather with their families on a couch or at the stadium and spend some time togerher. For many families this events has become a tradition over the many years. These events give us the opportunity to be more observant when it comes to our family. For instance, in my family it is essential to watch the figure skating world cup. Parents did so even when I was not born. Now we watch this event with them and my little brother.
Moreover, sports events unite people from one country or maybe even from the whole world. As we know, the most famous sports event is the Olympics. For example, the Olympic Games have been in the centre of people's attention since the period of Ancient Greece. These series of events rise the sporting spirit and enthusiasm. The possibility to win an award causes the increase of interest to support the sportsmen. In Greece people came to amphitheathers to see who would win the laurel wreath. In modern times the Olympics have become an opportunity of political impact. As for the award, medals symbolize the victory.
Besides, sports events attract tourists around the world. Remember the Footbal World Cup in Russia. So many people from all over the world came to see the sights of Russia. There was a big amount of people who became friends or entered the relationships with the foreigners. This made cultural bounds between different countries stronger. Almost every visitor of Russia learnt about the national cuisine, for example, solyanka, national music and films.
Actually, sports events of such kind influence better on the country's economy. More people come to our country for some event more tourists buy as a sovenir. Advertisements of brands at sports events can attract more buyers of their production. Such companies as Nike, Pumaand other brands of sportswear and equipment adore to be sponsors to have more consumers.
To conclude, I personnaly do not agree with the statement of irrelevance and worthlessness of sports events. At firts, you may think that sport is sport, but it exerts influence on different spheres of our everyday life including economy, communication and culture. There is a possibility of the fact that this problem will be exacerbated in the future. More and more people do not watch TV, that only gives an oppportunity to online translations. 