Sport is one of the main thing that unite people over the world, as there are so many competitions of different types of it. Many people say that going to some live sport events or watching sports at home is completely waste of time. To my point of view it is not true and I am going to prove that.
While watching sports on TV a person does not waste time. Firstly, a person can watch sport games with his or her family, discuss the process, having fun. Personally I really like the time when I was watching Olimpic games with my father talking about sportsmen from different counties, gold medals and many other things. Secondly, watching sport can energize and inspire you. This happens because when you are looking at strong sportsmen you want to be similar with them. There was a research that shows that after big sport events a great number of people go to gyms or some sections of dancing or swimming. Thirdly, it is a great opportunity to know what happens in sport now. After watching sport you will have some knowledge to discuss with you colleagues and friends, as almost everybody watch sport on TV in the evenings.
Going to different live sports events can bring you a lot of benefits. To begin with, it is a great opportunity to meet new friends. It is perfect opportunity because you will have a friend with whom you will have a lot on common- love of sport. For example, when I was a ballroom dancer I was going to a lot of competitions and met my best friend who also love dancing as I do. Also, on live sports events you can meet your idols whom you admire. A lot of people are visiting figure skating as they have heroes there. They bring flowers and toes to give a gift to them. Finally, after these live events you fill better, you have a better mood than it was before, as you see the rel live event on your own.
To sum up, I can say that watching sports on television or going to different live events such is tournirs and competitions can bring only benefits to people and it is not wasting of time. As I said, sport can energize people and unite them.