Nowadays millions of people watch TV or live traslations from main sport championships of different types of sport all over the world. The vast majority of people believe that this type of activity is useless and there are many ways to spend this time more effectively and productively. However, I absolutely disagree with this opinion for social and psychologial reasons. They will be discussed in this essay.
First of all, the wathing sports helps people to get the positive emotions, hence avoid the the stress. The great part of people who watching sports are sportfans because they interested in certain type of sport or event support only on team or sportsman. During the watching of the game or championship they get positive emotions and less stress from the certain problems in different spheres of life if "their" team or sportsman get excellent results or even win. For instance, one of the post popular sport in Russia now is the women's figue skating. Many people support not only Russian national team but also certain sportsmen which are the top in the world. Fans watching figure skating championships with these sportsmen to enjoy their beautiful skating and their new medals and winning.
Moreover, the social aspect of the efectiveness of watchong sport is the this type of activity gives people many opportunities to be close with their friends or family, to make new friend and to meet interesting people. People that are watching sports often have the same interest with their families and friends. Nothing cannot do the people more close than the wathing live translation of major sports events such as semi-finals or finals together. Of course, if they support the same team or athletes. By and large, some people watch sports in special places, for example, sportbars or in sportfan's houses that can be fruitful way to make friends with the same hobbies and prefernces.
To sum up, the watching sports on TV or live spost events can be the method to get positive emothions for the supporting team or sportsmen and, consequently, less stress from other probles of people's life. Clearly, this activity can help people to communicate and be close with their friends or relatives or meet new people with the similar interesting and hobbies which can be good friends in future.