The problem of spending time efficiently is one of the most relevant in our busy times. People are trying to remove every possible distraction and unproductive time from their daily routines. Some even advocating to stop watching sports as it is a wasted time. Let's dicuss the issue of time spent on watching sports.
The fact is time spent watching sports equals time not performing any productive task with notable exeption of gameplay analysis conducted by researches. The main reason why watching sports is time wasting is that there are many better alternatives. One of the best is reading books both fiction and real life related. Books leave long lasting effect on life while watching sports is only another kind of entertainment. Oftentimes people watch sports as a way to deliberately spend their time doing nothing, in other words procrastinating.
However, there is evidence backing that warching sports is beneficial in many ways. Statistics shows that proportion of people actively practising sports is much higher in case of people watching sports on TV and especially life events compared to population mean. Researches explained this result with effect of engaging which ocures when people start imitating others actions. Actively partisapating in sports lead to improved coordination and physical development as well as better initialive and more active way of life. Another benefit of watching sports especially at live events is sence of belonging experienced by attendents. It is a possibility to meet friends and engage in fascinating and bringing together activity. Sports fans usully have deep connections to each other which is very rare nowadays as loneliness is rapidly becoming more and more common. This activity is not only pleasurable but is also lead to better social skills as well as life satisfaction in general which helps with one's mental state.
All things considered, while there are some good alternatives to watching sports, this way of spending time as any other social activity have both negatives and positives. However, better involvement in sports and good atmosthere of sports make it rather benefice. Hence, watching sports is a waste of time but a pleasurable and wholesome social activity.