Sport plays an important role in the many people's life. We can either participate in sport activities, or watch how other people do that. However, there is an opinion, that watching sports is just a waste of time. I do not support this point of view. Watching sports may be the opportunity to spend time together with closed people, as well as it can appear to be a just good experience, or a chance to relax and have fun. It all depends on the situation and the person.
Many people share the same interests. For example, two friends might both be fans of football. For such people visiting together the football game or watching it on TV is the nice way to spend time together, find new topics for future discussions, make their friendship stronger and create new happy memories. Of course, that might be not so much relevant for those who are not interested in sports, but still it would work for those people as well, even though they would be more happy visiting cinema, for instance.
Watching sports may also extend our knowledge about various spheres of our life, such as human body and its abilities, or cultural differences of countries, different existing games and competitions. Sports include various distinct areas and almost everything might be considered as sport now. For instance, chess and pool, horse riding and cybersport. Anyone can choose the area he is interested more in. Each game and its players contains huge amount of information. We can see the strong will of participants, the abilities we have never seen before, like running so fast we could not ever imagine it is possible, of planning the steps in strategic game. Watching sports help us to develop our analytical skills.
To sum up, many people who are not interested in sports in general might say that it is a waste of time, but that might just mean that they have never thought deeply how different the sport is and how useful it might be to watch it. It may help to make close people even closer, or it may give new skills and knowledge, or even motivate for actions.