We live in era when sports are the crucial part of our everyday lives. This essay is dedicated to debate that watching sports is important and useful.
We do sports during our whole life: it helps us keep fit, stay healthy and strong. But the benefits of watching sports are not that obvious. I strongly opine that doing sports is as beneficial as watching it and I have some reasons for it.
First of all, not only watching sports is adventurous and interesting, it also is motivating. Take the Olympic Games as an example: I have been watching every Olympic Games since I was 5. It helped me to understand which kind of sport really fits me and made me think that I am not any worse than those athlets participating in the Olympic Games. That was the trigger for me to start my gymnastics career and to become a master of sports in gymnastics. Also, watching sports is somehow more efficient than watching cartoons for children as well as watching soap operas for adults. For instance, numerous of grandmas and grandpas are keen on silly series broadcasting on TV, which do not have any point or sense in them and cannot become a topic of discussion, whareas sports can do. Sport clubs and bars not only broadcast live sports games and earn money on people who gather, drink and shout there, it is also a crucial reason for friends to collect altogether, talk their lives through and relax. Furthermore, it is beneficial for both companies who keen on sports and for the economics of the places where these companies watch sports in result.
However, there are some reasons not to be a fan of watching sports games. Obviously, not everyone is good at sports and believe that live streamings or football games can truly be a connector betweeen them and their friends. Some people prefer to relax not watching TV at all or consider it unhealty in general. For instance, some parents forbide their children to watch TV because of the cruelty that is shown there. Not a secret that all sports contain the feature of struggle, competition and the willingness to fight for the Victory. That may be seen by others as a sign of cruelty most parents do not want their child to learn and become.
All in all, watching sports may not seem always healthy for some people. But I believe that it is truly a whole world of sport communities, confidence and ambitions and, what is more important, a faith in yourself.