There is a debate on whether the watching sports is a nice entertainment or it is completely useless way to spend leisure time. Both sides have their strong arguments that should be discussed.
First of all, from the all of different shows that people watched on TV or in real life sport can be consider as one of the best for whom does not understand high art as theather, because sports can be quite educative and good for development. Starting with the fact that sports are great for learning discipline as there are a lot of rules that the players and people who watch the sports events should be aware of, it also train the reaction and the concentration of attention of viewers, so it could be profitable for people who is struggling with it. Moreover, people often start doing sports themselves, because they get inspired by the sport stars.
On the other side, to watch sports is not equal to do sports and, despite the worldwide interest, far not everybody start to do sport, because he or she get inspired by the athelets, or they just enjoy watching sports instead of soap operas. It is also a huge industry of betting. So people become not as interested in sports itself, because they like healthy activities, as in money they could win if they guess and bet right. Unfortunately, the statistics show that it is more likely for a person to lose the money, because of element of not having a goodluck or the machinations of bookmakers. However, if the person was lucky to win once, he or she could also become addicted to betting and, eventionally, lose everything.
As for me, I consider watching sports mainly a good thing, because the sports programmes rise the interests of youngsters and make them to do sports themselves more often than it makes them betting.
To conclude, watching sports is, obviously, not as beneficial as playing football in the backyard, but it still helps in development of some skills such as a fast reaction and a discipline. The throwbacks in comparing with benefits are not that significant, because they are not as widespread.