Sport is an excellent compilation of physical activity and games. It produce both group solidarity, sense of support between team members and an appropriate level of moving activity, which is, combine with wise diet, a key to balanced and health body condition. It an essential element of human culture and society and it has a huge industry of additional elements, including many others spheres of human activity, for example industry of intertainment. However, if "sport" does not connected to the actual running or jumping, many people tent to believe, that it does have nothing beneficial to human beings. In the contrast, my opinion is that even thought it is a simlple match broadcast or live sport event on the stadium, it is still has a significant impact on people minds.
The first reason for that is sense of solidarity, union and euphoria, which any fans organisations teach people. Humans are social creatures, that is why from the early ages they need to learn how to communicate and to identify themselves in a context of social groups. Nowadays scientist from all around the world express consolidation on the fact, games teach kids these skills. And the same also fair for team fans chatting with each other while watching sport or singing a support song during live events. They are team, is the essence, and they learn some social patterns and role, which can use later in every-day life. For example, Pavel Durov recently shared that he managed a school football team at the age of 15 and that gave him a primal understanding of what kind of leader he wants to be and how to manage people work.
The second important side of this kind of leisure is status of spot in society. If many people show their interest, the more popular any kind of sport gets. This encourage people, first, to develop the whole industry itself, and secondly, to rise its prestige among population. That motivates people to do sport and develop their body and characters. The impact of this kind of "advertisment" has been proved by Cambrige university in 2010.
To make a conclusion, i want to say that even a simple participation in sport industry, even it is whatching TV matches or supporting a team in real live, this social activity still has a greate impat on human beings.