Nowadays it is no secret that sport is very popular kind of activity. It actively attract a lot of fans and onlookers around all the world. In connection with it some people claim that watching different kinds of sport is waste of time. I understand this point of view, but I do not believe so. In my opinion watching sports shows and games is good way of relax and also it can motivate people to healthy lifestyle. In this essay I will discuss point of view of people and explain my opinion.
To begin, I really can figure out why some people think that simple watching sports show is waste of time. These actions seem useless and ever harmful, because person will not acquire something practical skills and useful knowledge. Person can definitely spend his time on things which in the future will help his career or support of healthy lifestyle. Also one of reason of this opinion is sitting in the armchair for too long might be one of causes of obesity or other health disorders. Likewise attraction of sport can negatively affect the fan of something team. For instance, there are groups of football fans, who after football matches prefer fighting with fans of opposite ream. These reasons are driver of such people's opinion.
On the other hand, for many people sports is the main motivation of life. Some children dream about future career of footballer. Firstly they dream because they watch football and also the want to be similar to their favourite football players such as Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi. One of the best footballers Kilian Mbappe said in interview that he began play football after seeing match with participation of Ronaldo. Second reason to explain my opinion is the fact that watching sports events is excellent way to relax after hard day. I think it is much better than drinking alcohol and smoke. Also it can trigger desire of person himself try kind of sport he likes watch.
In conclusion, watching sports really can negatively influence the person, but also it can bring positive impact on humans. In this case there is need to keep to golden mean. As a result watching sports will affect people only positively.