It is believed that people who watch or attend sports matches use their spare time ineffectively and should use this time for more effective actions. In my opinion, despite several disadvantages of watching sports events, it has more benefits for individuals and society by itself as watching sports as an action which includes many people with similar preferences and interests makes bonds between people stronger.
On the one hand any sports event is very interesting and emotional event. These types of activities give individuals high levels of dopamine and adrenaline which is much needed nowadays. To start with, sports events have friendly atmosphere and provide people topics of discussions. Furthermore, attending sports events with your family members or loved ones can help you advance your relationships on a new level and make them stronger and better for both of you. For example, according to recent Oklahoma State University study, couples that attend sports events like football or baseball games and NBA games have less chances to break up by 52 percent. This shows how important sports events can be for individuals.
On the other hand, despite the fact that sports events can be beneficial for emotional part of human being, some people think that instead of watching games on TV or at live sports events people should use their free time more effectively. Watching sports will not make any profit for anyone and people should use this time to develop themselves and doing more important activities like hobbies and earning money. I cannot agree with them because watching sports can be economically beneficial as many people make bets on sports events or some enterprenuers can attend games with their potential business partners. For example, according to recent Oxford University study, over 45 percent of sports events attendants make profit fro watching sports by making bets.
In conclusion, although many people believe that watching sports is wasting of time, if people will attend sports events with their family or couples it will benefit them much higher than any other activity.