Sport is a big and esencial part of our life, but some people argue that sitting on the sofa at home and watching sport programmes or events is not a worthy way of spending free time. On the other hand, people consider watching sport on TV as an important part of learning process and also an opportunity to have a rest after a hard working day.
In my opinion, watching sports from home can be useful in learning the technical part of sport games. For example, watching football match can give us a possibility to see new technics that is used by professionals and the full view on the process of the game. Through this we can understand what are the positions of all members of the team, what are the probable rival's techniques. In addition, watching TV can help with relaxation in the evening, when a person had hard business hours.
Nevertheless, other people claim that only practice is able to improve sportive skills of a person. Through everyday exercises and attending sport lessons or sections we can develop the equality of our technique. Moreover, watching TV cannot be a method of relaxation because it makes eyes to be in tonus that brings a lot of harm to our eyesight. That is why it would be better not to use sport TV as a way to have a rest but sleep well after a hard day.
I cannot agree with the above statements, due to the several reasons. Firstly, if a person do not have the full understanding of the process it would be really hard to show all the practical skills in a real play. Therefore, there should be a view of the whole proceedings with which sports on TV or event supply the person. Secondly, many people have difficulties with sleeping that is why most of then try to ease their brain after a long and hard brain activities. That is why sport on TV may became an effective way to relax and do not think about responsibilities.
In conclusion, I would like to mention that sports on TV or somewhere in real life can be a good chance for a sportsman to learn more about the way how the game is going or which are the new techniques professionals use. In addition, it can be a great opportunity to unwind persons mind after a hard stress on work or studying hours.