Our modern world is unthinkable without sport. There are people who believe that watching sport events are just time-consuming and useless, whereas I guess that this is one of the most important parts of changing our society to the better. Let's examine my point of view more closely in this essay!
I disagree with the opinion about uselessness of events connected with sport activities. Firstly, these sport events can motivate people not only to watch it but to buy season ticket, for instance, and start new healthy life. Different training sessions will keep people physically, mentally fit and keep them from deseases relating to heart, obesity, mental stress, sleeplessness. As a result, without any doubts, it can reduce the rate of deathes because of these maladies in our world.
Secondly, different sports events, even if people watch it at home, can foster team spirit because watchers feel themselves like a part of close - knit team. They feel some kind of exhiliration and adrenaline rush too. Also, after watching it lots of sport lovers can move from the status just 'watcher' to the status 'doer' and be a part of these sport events physically. It will develop leadership qualities, develop self-confidence, self-reliance, discipline and justice. Moreover, it can teach how to ineract with new like-minded people. Eventually, it can allow people to relieve boredom, get away from at all, forget about all problems - generally, it can make our society more happy!
Taking into consideration all mentioned above, I would like to say that watching sport events is really so important activity for society, because after this sport lovers can arrive at a decision to do sport too, to step outside their comfort zone. Sometimes, maybe, they can take this golden opportunity to back in shape. Also, it can case -harden their spirits and help to socialise with like-minded people. 'A sound mind in a sound body' can be a slogan of our new healthier and happier society thanks to sport events! 