Nowadays, watching sports has become a widespread type of entertainment. Many people in love with different kinds of sports. Even though they may not be involved in doing sports, they still love to watch sports events on TV or at live sports events. There is nothing wrong with loving sports or being a fan of different football or volleyball or basketball teams and not being a sportive or athletic person at all.
Having a favourite sports team or activity is having more opportunity to make new friends who have the same interest in sports or love the same football team. And it does not matter what kind of sport it is, there are fans of every kinds, even curling. Moreover, It also can have a good influence on person to start doing his favourite sport and not only watching it on TV. People who are watching sports competitions on TV or buying tickets to live sports events are, actually, supporting sportsmen and the further development of sports in their country. It leads to a healthy generation who loves watching and doing sports.
However, there are some people who believe that watching sports on TV or at events is pointless and a waste of time. They often say that there is no need to watch sports live at home or at event because you can find out about results, winners and losers after the game ended through the Internet. But we can say the same about TV shows and series, so, that is a senseless argument. They also think that this kind of entertainment is useless because people do not do sports by themselves and they just watching TV. It is obvious that people with this kind of opinion are most likely not fans of sports in terms of watching and maybe even doing. They cannot understand the excitement and happiness people experience by watching their favourite sports events, especially, when their team wins. If it makes people happy it is definitely cannot be considered as pointless activity.
To sum up, watching sports on TV or at live sports events is a useful activity in every aspects. It helps making new friends. Also, it has a good influence on person to start doing sport. More than that, people who support sport also support a healthy future to the nexy generation. And the main reason it is useful that it makes people happy.