Idea in this topic have rules to existance and can be a reason of discussions.
But for me, this statement, that watching sports (it means games like footbal matches, basketball and other) is a wasting time is uncorrectly. I disagree with this opinion.
Firstly, i need to say, that sports matches and games are very emotional and interesting for the players and for the auditory (firstly - for fans). This aspekt is very important, because the interes and emotions are very significant to our life and particullary for mind and nervous. People watching sports firstly to have emotions and interes. This process activide our nervous system, gives adrenaline and other important hormones, and allow you to distract from problems. Energy inside of you after watching big game can be positive to your health and your activity for a long time. Secondly, watching sports is a good reason to spend time with your friends and family, to meet with new people or hold a meeting with your bussines partners and collegues. On the modern stadiums to the sport match people always go with their friends, family and partners. Sharing emotions and interes together brings people closer. It is very good, when you have same sports interests with your son and, for example with your boss or partner. Social phenomenon in watching sports is very important, also at home or in pub on the TV.
Based on this two arguments you can easy answer, why sport match (football, tennis, basketball etc) tickets are very expensive (30-300 EUR) and stadiums are so big (50-100 tousand peoples capacity average).
But there is a an other side of this topic. Watching sports is a unhealthy for a lot of people - in the time of match audience often drink beer, other alcohol and unhealthy food. More than, we know the separate subculture - football fans. They use interes and emotions of the footbal matches to be aggressive and do criminal. But, even so, watching sports is a good way for mentaly balanced people to have fun, interes and emotions.
In the end i will say, that watching sports is an important part of social life in all countries and cultures since ancient time.