Nowadays the society is polarised by the issue of whether watching sports is worthwhile. Many people believe that those who watch different sport events on TV or alive just spend their time ineffectively. Others argue that this kind of activity could be useful for a person. In this essay two points of view will be investigated and my own opinion will be expressed.
As for me, I disagree with the statement that watching sports is always harmful. I am convinced that this type of a leisure activity may help people relax and get rid of the stress they had during the day at work. Some researches show that the lovers of various TV-programmes dedicated to sport festivals and other events connected with sports are usually less anxious in everyday life. There could be an argument against this thesis. For example, that we are able to use more healthy and useful ways to cope with stress. I do not find this opinion convincing because I think everyone should relax in a manner that fits him most.
Another argument that has to be taken into consideration is the ability of this kind of time-waste to unite people. For instance, when two friends support and cheer the same football team, watching a football match together would be an experience that can strengthen the relationship between them. Some can argue that many people fight during real matches because of the difference in their favourite teams. I admit this disadvantage, but I am sure that the problem may be solved through education. We can speak with football-lovers about the importance of expressing the feelings in a civilised way instead of avoiding the matches themselves.
The next point that I find significant to mention is the beauty of some kind of sports. For example, fugure skating can be treated as a kind of art, so watching the programmes with famous figure skaters' performances could bring a person a true esthetic joy. That is why I think sometimes watching sports can be used as a source of inspiration and a way of improvement of personal tastes.
To conclude, I disagree with the opinion that watching sport events is only a waste of time. I am convinced that this type of a leisure activity can contribute to decrease in a stress-level, closer relationship with other people and esthetic education.