Nowadays sports activities are widely discussed among people from all over the world. It is a common idea to believe that watching different sports competitions and team plays brings no benefit to the spectators, however others hold the opposite ideas and genuinly find it useful for multiple purposes. In this essay I will overview both points of view.
In my opinion, watching others engage in sports activities has certain benefits. First of all, both TV and live sports events help people to feel the spirit of the community and expirience vivid emotions. When spectators watch their favourite team play, they feel like a part of it and live through the downfalls and priceless moments of victory together with their beloved sportsmen and other supporters. In addition, sports events can motivate people to maintain a healthy lifestyle. In many cases people try to excercise and obtain healthy habits if household names who inspire them do the same and such events serve as an excellent demonstration of hard work and self-improvement.
Nevertheless, another group of people finds watching sports useless. Clearly, watching someone do the activities that fans behind the screens do not repeat harms the eyesight and stimulates a non-active lifestyle. It is considered to be another form of procrastination and it is not much better than scrolling through different posts on social media. Moreover, a lot of people get addicted to watching sports. Certainly, such an obsession make people develop parasocial relationships with famous sportsmen and spend tons of money on merch, tickets and so on.
Mentioned above points can be easily opposed. To my mind, watching sports differs from watching other types of content as it is more emotional and engaging. People develop empathy and feel passion that help to overcome routine. What is more, developing an obsession is radical and not very common. Statistically it would be only 1 among 10 fans whose relationship with sportsmen and attitude towards sport is unhealthy.
To conclude, I would like to say that the controversy about TV and live spectators wasting their time is argued but I stick to the point that it brings positive aspects like inspiration and bright emotions that outweigh possible disadvantages like procrastination and obsession.