Nowadays some people claim that watching sports events on television or in real life is a waste of time. In this essay I would like to describe my position on this topic and provide different arguments. I think that watching sports can be both very useful for people and can be a waste of time sometimes.
On the one hand, watching sports on television can be a good way of spending your free time. Firstly, when people watch sport events they have a rest, relax, feel themselves very comfortable and wonderfull, they feel happiness and sad sometimes, feel the emotions of players. For example, you often can hear on the stadiums how people are crying, they show how they want that their favourite team win the game, they are nervous, they jump, stand up, try to help their team how they could. Secondly, it can be like a hobby for people. For instance, you learn all the information about players of the tems, you know their names, watch interviews with them, follow them in the Instagram and other social networks, you know the rules of the game very well. Thirdly, you can play the sport which you watch. You can learn the techicks of different elements of the game by looking the games. For example, if you play football, watch the football matches often, it can help you to play better, to understand the rules of the game, how you need to play, what are the best tacktic to win, what you need to do on the stadium.
However, on the other hand, watching sports on television or go to live sports events is not really relevant. First of all, if you just watch the games, but you don't know the rules, you don't know the goal of the game, you don't know the players. For instance, usually women watch the football and they are not aware of anything in this game. They ask many strange questions their boyfriend or father, and they need to answer them. Without asking questions it wiil be boring for females to watch the game. And the next time, when they will watch the match again, they can ask the same questions, because they did not remeber the previous answers. Moreover, when you watch sports with your friends on the stadium every season, but it is not fascinating for you. You can think that it is the way of spending time with your friends and become closer, but if you don't like to do something and do it only because you want to communicate with some people, it is not great for you, it ruins you, your life, your goals. If you watch without thinking, just to be with your friends, it is not good for you, it is useless, and your friends will understand once in a while that you are not interested in this game.
In conclusion, watching sports events can be essential and usefull for some people due to have fun and relax, have a hobby, know new information, do the same sport, exercises. Nevertheless, watching sports also can be simple a waste of time because of the following reasons: you do not mind about the event which you watch, you are not interested in it, you do not want to understand the principles of the game, you just watch without thinking.