It is often argued that watching sports both at the stadium and on TV is a terrible way of spending the leisure time. But this essay totally disagree with this statement due to the great positive advantages of watching sport events.
To begin with, watching sports in free time give an opportunity to receive a useful information about such a great soft-skills as communication and team-work and even team spirit. The belonging in sport team imposes a duty to work correctly at the team on a person who wants to reach the success in sport. During the Watching through the TV or live some sport game you are exploring all the connections between teammates and also coaches and in that way you get the knowledge how to work in group, how to socialize with other people. Personally, i have ben a fan of sport since my childhood and I watched a lot sport events both at the stadium and through the TV screen. Now I can to find common language with absolutely different people and to work in group really effectively.
Moreover, the watching sports also may make people to lead the healthy lifestyle, particularly this applies to children. It is clear that young people want to be like their idols and almost all the professional sportsmen are really in a wonderful shape. And that is why young people persuade the habits of important people in their lifes and, for instance, they do not drink drink alcohol, do not smoke, try to do sport as often as they can and popularize these values among their friends and acquaintances. Speaking about myself, i have never drunk alcohol and smoked, because my idols in sport such as Franck Ribery and Alexey Miranchuk also have never done it.
In conclusion, of course, there are people who claim that watching some sport events is just killing the time and that does not have any benefits. But i have the opposite viewpoint as i believe that spending the time in that way develops in yos some soft-skills such as communication and team-work and propagandize the healthy lifestyle in the society. 