Nowadays, watching sports is so popular it can almost be classified as a cultural phenomena. While some people enjoy this type of hobby, others feel it is a waste of time. To make a definite answer, it is crucial to decide whether the hobby is worth the time. I believe that watching sports holds more advantages, and, therefore, is worth the time. It brings emotional and financial satisfaction to people all around the world. Like any other enjoyable activity with a wide audience, it is rooted deep into the cultures of almost all countries. The continuous FIFA World Cups held every few years are proof.
From the financial perspective, sports equipment production takes a great part of some countries' economy. For those like Brazil, who closely associates itself with soccer, soccer balls are one of the main export products. What is more, there are so many soccer fans eager to visit Brazil as a center of the sport, it undoubtedly contributes to the tourist market. National and Global sports events, such as the Olympics, also constitute a large proportion of income for different countries. In a sense, such events enable the countries to present their beauty, warmth, and economic strength, and consequently attract more tourists.
On a more personal level, sports watching attracts so many supporters because it is emotionally fulfilling. Gathering with friends, making and eating snacks, and rooting for the team are activities that go along with the sports watching itself. People enjoy receiving the feeling of adrenaline when their team is at risk of losing, or is at its peak game. Most importantly, such a culture brings people together and contributes to the feeling of belonging to a group, which is one of the humans' basic needs.
What is more, with the development and spread of technology sports watching is now accessible from any part of the world. This type of activity is easier to pursue, and it does not require any special equipment.
On the other hand, sports watching does have its limitations. The most important are the health risks that this hobby brings. As it does not require any movement, sports watching can, after all, be redeemed to just any other activity that involves sitting on a couch. That is why some people associate sports watching with couch potatoes, the stink of old unfinished food and sweat. These risks, however, only prove that one has to know when to stop when it comes to this activity.
Despite the existing risks, sports watching is, after all, an all-inclusive activity. A person with hearth problems can still enjoy basketball, and a person with special abilities can still feel the beauty of figure skating. These people are physically restricted from doing their favorite types of sports, but watching that same sport can motivate them and give them emotional fulfillment. That is the beauty of sports watching.
All in all, sports watching cannot be considered a waste of time. With all due respect to the concerned, it is an activity that one has to do if they are interested in it. The only important thing one has to remember is to limit this activity.