There are two main opinions about watching sports. Some groups of people think that it is not necessary to spend their time on watching sports on TV or visiting sports events. Others have an opposite view. They believe that watching sports is a great way to spend time. I disagree with people who said that watching sports can be a waste of time. This essay bellow will analyze both the benefits and the drawbacks of this phenomenon.
On the one hand, sport is one of the most popular sphere and category of channels. More and more people are interested in it. That's why many people discuss the latest trends in sport, scores and new outfits of their favorite teams or players. Watching sports helps people not only to have a conversation but also to relax after work, to have a hobby which is not expensive because almost every family can afford a TV subscribtion. According to reasearchers from the University of Reaserching Happinnes, people can be more happier if they have a hobby, talk with others, go out and visit different big events. Watching sports on TV or in real life can be a great solution for solving daily emotional problems.
On the other hand, some people want to be more rational in deciding how to spend their time during a day. It is not a secret that not all people are fancy at sport. There are a lot of others ways to spent their time than being lazy and just sitting on the sofa and watching sports. For example, some people prefer spending this time with family. According to statistics, one football game or basketball game or others takes around 1-2 hours of time per one session. If people use these 2 hours for working or helping someone, they can start to earn more money or have better relationships.
In conclusion, there are two different positions about watching sports. Ones think that it is a waste of time because it is not rational, they can spent this time with family, also it makes people lazy. While others believe that it is the cheapest way to relax, watching sports can be a hobby which can make people more happier, it is a popular topic for discussion with others. Despite of the arguments, I strongly disagree that watching sports is a waste of time. From my perspective, it is true that watching sports is an essentioal part of life.