Sport is a popular way to spend free time. Some people prefer doing exercises, others admire beeing just wiewers and enjoy sport activities from their seats. However, it is often claimed, that such hobby as watching sport matches is useless. I cannot agree with this opinion. This essay will provide arguments on why watching sports is not worse, and even sometimes better, then doing it.
Firstly, watching sports at live events or on TV can help to forget about stress and other work-connected issues. It goes without saying, that matches or games provide a huge source of adrenaline. Adrenaline makes people to forget about their problems for a moment. While watching sport game, people experience strong emotions and their blood is full of adrenaline. Provided that, some people can feel themselves on top of the world and relaxed after enjoying a football match, for example.
Secondly, going in for sports can be harmful. Whereas watching it on TV or tribunes is not dangerous at all. Professional sportsmen are not exactly healthy, because sport demands great victims, including, of course, health and sometimes mental well-being. Another minus of going in for sports is frequent injures. It is a well-known fact, that sportsmen often live not more than 50 years. So, being just a viewer on sport matches is a good way for those who cannot imagine a live without activities, but does not want to risk.
However, huge ammount of experts argue, that frequent sitting in front of the TV and watching sports can cause obesity. The fact is, that people usually eat food high in fat while watching TV-shows. I cannot agree with this argument against the hobby of being a sports-viewer. To my mind, the kind of TV-programm has no connection with people's nutrition habits. Moreover, sport games on TV can be a good propoganda of healthy way of life. To conclude, watching sports either on TV or at live sports events cannot be claimed as a waste of time. Sport translations help people to come over stress and depression. Such hobby can give a huge amount of strong emotions. More than that, watching sports is sometimes much more healthier, than going in for it.