Nowdays a huge part of people sure that watching sports competitions on TV or at live sport events is a useless hobby, which have no any positive sides. Football or hockey fans spend a lot of time for watching sports and don't have to do something useful for them. I totally disagree with this point of you, on my mind whatching sports has a lot of pluses and in my essay I will describe them and compare advantages and disadvantages of this kinf of hobby.
Firtst of all, it is important to say about sports at all. To do sports is a general part of conditions if you want to be healthy and whatching sport events like football competitions or military arts fights can motivate viewers to do sport to. If you like some sportsman, for example, Connor McGregor or Leo Messi, you want to be same, you want to be strong such McGregor or fast like Messi. Motivation to do sports is very big advantage of being fan of some kind of sport competition. Secondary, watching sports events can help to find new friends. For example, football fans very often spent time together by watching competitions or playing football. Each football club has its own fanbase, where you can find new friends. Lonely persons can try to find new meetings on the live competitions.
Of course, whatching sports have a negative sides too, for example, some people drink alcohol during whatching events, they can become very angry if their favourite team lose game. There enough example of street fights after football competitions, which are very dangerous for simple citizens. Also, live sports events are very dangerous now, in cause of COVID pandemic. It is very hard to keep social distance during competitions, a lot of people can become ill after visiting this kind of events.
In conclusion, I want to say that I sure, the advantages of watching sports are bigger and more important than disadvantages. Few incidents of street fights or todays disaster of coronavirus infection shoudn't be so scary problems in cause of which somebody will say that wathing sports events or being sports fan is a useless hobby and wasting of time.